because whatever companies they launch their products in the shape of fruits , they give a range of products , a range of shapes ,
this also like whether it will be fashionable to have these products in the as a fruit shape .
like , these products are in fruit shape ,

We will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements , whether it meets the user requirements or not , this product .
So we will see whether this product meets all user requirements or not .
what do you think whether it meets all user requirements or not ?

personally I wi that in terms of trends , these products are quite good ,
Our product meets the f the fashion trends of the market .

So since our product meets all these requirements , so I would also prefer to give it rank one .

kept to the company strategy , so I would go for a one , as we not only kept it , but we were limited by
like , this product me me this meets all company strategy

w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything .

Then trends , whether it is as fashion trends or not ?
How it how conforms to the current trends ?

whether the technology meets the requirements of the customers or not ?
it may be having good design , it may be meeting all the requirements of the customers like technology-wise , price-wise ,

not only in terms of providing quality products , not only in pro providing latest technologies , but also in terms of providing environmental s
but also in terms of providing environmental safe products ,
like our product should be as per customers' requirement , as per latest technology , and it should be environmental safe .

It had all the basic buttons that they needed as as the new technology that people said they wanted .

. As far as the technology it its' got the latest trends in speech technology ,

Then marketing strategy of the company .
As we have already discussed that our company is quite in the market ,

Some children like to buy banana shape , some apple shape , some even pineapple shape , some orange shape .

But if a person doesn't like banana , or orange , you are limiting him .

Basic requirements but of the pro of the project .

, let's just enter in the evaluation criteria .
So these are the three crite criterias for our evaluation of our product .

So we are showing our preference for particular fruits ,
our fashion trend shows that people like everything all f everything that is being advertised , like clothes , shoes , and everything is being advertised in the form of fruits and vegetables , or getting them or showing some association with them .

And the second thing , now people don't want any complicated or bulky products and ours is quite simple and quite handy .

Means because we have already stated that people do prefer fashionable things nowadays .

, so the buttons would be like , individual users , or
When the user requirement is essentially just to operate the T_V_ ,

I don't think that counts as a curve , that's just a shape .

going on the specifications that we had , that fruit and vegetables are quite popular , and that people like something that is good to look at and not many buttons , I would give it ,

is the project evaluated , that is mine .
So now is the final evaluation , final evaluation of the of our product .
So this is also an important factor for our evaluation also .

Should we ask our technical expert Melissa ?
no , personally as a Marketing Expert I don't believe that ,

Lo Loch Ness banana .
like we are having one banana design and the other one is orange ,

she has given her views on the basis of design , because she was our i Interface Expert .

So in this case giving only one or two choices we are lim limiting our customers .
And by limiting them , we are limiting our sales , limiting our profit also .

So , in order to save our two Euros I was thinking that we could have essentially the same shape , but just have it flattened .

it might be trendy to some , but I'm just not swallowing the fruit ,

More like a traditional remote control .
, it's the remote control conforms to the company strategy .

but also we're gonna have the company name on the front , which is the little black line in the middle .

Now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale .

, , if you're going to buy a T_V_ maybe a company'll have That you're going to choose from , a company'll have two or three choices , but they're different designs .

So what methodology I will tell you on what basis we are going to discuss all this .

this shift button might be stuck again .
No maybe the shift button's stuck in .
No , it's the the shift button's stuck , .

And then the big red button in the middle is the on and off one .
I'd give it a kinda middle of the road for

And double curve on both sides ?
like a single curve on that bottom half , and the double curved would be if it was that similar curve upward .
Like this , one curve on this side , one curve on that side .

maybe we should start cleaning up the clay .
Clay covered banana .

, if we're happy with the design there's no point in spending money , if we don't have to .
room for creativity , were we happy with that ?

the black on the back is the slogan .
it would be bigger so there might be more space for the slogan on the front ,

like if we see , look at the smallest thing , toffee chocolates , they give a variety of different things .
But in electronics , , it's not q always quite so you don't always have so many choices as with chocolates .

Eleven eleven Euros sixty .
We have under twelve Euros fifty .

These are the s two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down .
the unit we are currently going to produce minus the extra scroll buttons , it's gonna cost us fourteen point six Euros .

Maybe if you click back in that bottom right cell , where you're starting from , and then use the arrow keys .

but that's the that yellow stand there represents the charging stand .
that's the charging base prongs at the bottom .

Hold on till I find it ,
like keeping in mind all the safety issues .

main problem that we have unfortunately being finance .

You just select one box outsi

it'll be made out of a rubbery latex , new material that we've got .

It's to induce more television watching I suppose or
but we couldn't reach any proper goals , we couldn't use these ,
That's it , another couple of days holiday pay might be in order for all of you .

but it doesn't have that fancy solar power or the vibrating energy mechanism .

so you can speak into it like a little walkie-talkie as for speak recognition .

But if there is anything you think we've missed out there , then , , feel free to add it .

so let's talk about our bonuses and the raises we're getting for this , right .

I've forgotten to mail you the minutes ,

