as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new remote control .
And so we have to , , come up with a way to , to create a , a remote control , where

Also the conceptual design and the detailed design for the final product .
, I'll be doing some trend-watching in the conceptual design , and product evaluation for the design phase .
Same with conceptual design and detailed design .

I'm the Industrial Designer for this project .

my favourite animal would be a dog ,

So this is a television remote control ?
Yes , it's a television remote control .
a your personal experiences with remote controls , and , areas you see that , , could be improved in your experience with them .
Anything about , , the look of the , , remote control that you might have ideas about .

, I'm going to be responsible for the functional design phase .
I will also be responsible for the functional design phase , the conceptual design phase and the detailed design phase of the user interface design .

and then , , after we've brainstormed and , and thought about , we can come together in a meeting and , and discuss what , what , what functional design we want to use .

, the way that we're going to go about this is , , we'll have a time where we can , come up with new ideas alone , and work on the project

You'll be beginning your , your working design .
, U_I_D_ the technical functions design will , will be worked on the next thirty minutes .

This is the first meeting for developing our , our new product .

, one thing we'd have to think about internationally is in the design of , , like different kinds of , , V_C_R_s .

Do yous not find that , , like , there's a lot of , , buttons on your remote control , and you what half of them do .
There's some remote controls where there's a hidden panel , so all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming .

I always find that in our house the remote control always goes missing .
tracking device for the remote control or some signal that you could find out where it was .

And , , as a team-building moment , , I'd like us to , , try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal .
My favourite animal , which changes all the time , ,
and it , it is my favourite animal right now , it is a large beautiful majestic creature ,
while , , you guys express your favourite animals .
So that's gonna be my favourite animal because after all the snow it seemed to say that like Spring is finally here .

My name's Tara and I'm the User Interface Designer .

, we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy ,

but at this point in the , in the first meeting it can be any ideas that we just throw out there .

Or not present but bring to the meeting .

So you just have like the number buttons , power button , T_V_ video button .

You can press a button on your wall , signal ,

I'm Heather , I'm your Project Manager .

, I'll be telling you guys about the user requirement specifications for our new product .
and , , we need the user requirements from the manag

So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas , any suggestions that you may have so far ,

I find that in the dark it's often hard to button you're pushing .

we can like the price to create it will be significantly less .

, our next meeting will be in half an hour .
So you have half an hour to , , think about what you want to present .
, you will get specific instructions , , of what to do in the next half an hour .

, wanna make this selling price of twenty five Euros .

, the next , , thing we need to address is our financial department , to meet our budget ,
or not meet our budget but more , , like what , , selling range we'll be looking at ,

it's gonna be a really funny dog , I'm not how to draw a dog .
there are loads of different types of dogs , so I'm it'll represent one dog .
It's a scary cartoon dog .
like they can be trained to be police dogs and seeing-eye dogs ,

And , , it needs to be user-friendly for , , maybe , for an example , for people that , , can't see the numbers as ,
But they're just so friendly and warm and animals ,

I am a big animal lover .
But this part was all brown and then it has these big blue dots like this .

And tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today ,
One thing that , , we're going to do is become more acquainted with the , the tools that we have access to for our project .

Not as artistic as Heather's drawing .
I'm tempted to draw a snail I draw them sometimes and they're really easy to draw .

like all sorts of animals , but for the moment I'm gonna draw a cat , in memory of my poor cat that died recently .

And it landed by a wall and let me look at it for about two minutes .

, we'd like to , to , , make fifty million Euro .
, we want it to cost , , absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents .

if it's a trendy original , , aspect we're going for .
And the key issue here is , is being trendy and original .

This part of the body was really dull , and then it was the most colourful exotic butterfly ever ,

Like , a novelty thing might only sell a few things rather than , like , a general more acceptable

because I saw a butterfly yesterday , that seemed to be like the symbol of Spring arriving .
And it was actually the prettiest butterfly I've ever seen out in the wild ,

and , , discuss , , our aims and objects of this ,

so we'll have a hundred percent profit then ?
I suppose , if we're he heading to have it , like make a huge profit out of this , it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing .

With our microphones still attached to our bodies .

Looks kinda like , like it has holly growing out of its head .

, but that doesn't mean they're completely not sociable , they enjoy interacting with humans as ,
and they seem to enjoy the good things like sunshine and , , running around outside
as as being inside , and enjoying their food ,

, a completely new style , so that , , can really appeal to a , to a generation that doesn't want a simple plain , , channel-changer .

Maybe it could be , instead of like a standard rectangular shape , it could be , , something more interesting like

it can really combat its enemies , even like it's a it's an herbivore but , , it can really defend itself .

In a way it looks awkward , because it's on spindly legs

But it can really overcome harsh terrain ,

and although it's gorgeous it's also very dangerous , because it has strong antlers ,

and I'm like , this is the middle of Scotland in like March .

Do you hear the eraser buzzing while you do that ?

there was a green , it was a green ring ,

Just gonna attempt to make this into a slide show .

