So the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about ?

if that's too big , it's a rubber remote , so you can ,

they're actually trying to find ideas for a ideal remote .

separate it from the other remotes out on the market .
that , , it's marketable in the sense that it's whilst all these other remotes actually do give you repetitive strain injury , our one does the complete opposite , ,

, this is very marketable in that it is it's something that's new and looks a bit quirky for people who want that ,

, if we build rocket ships why can't we build left-handed and right-handed remotes .
like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ?
Imagine you're doing it with your left hand ,

, I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer for the whole the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse .
i it i it is more geared for right-handed people than left-handed people , but

, two years' time this will be on the market .

everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so

And we're actua actually making a better profit than we expected .

When it c when it comes to all the other things of how to sell it and , , the b the profits and all that's other departments

but that's not that's a design that's a des that's a design thing , .
during our design there was some s some heated discussion ,

Funny , all designer meetings could be this quick .

It would be different if it was hand writing recognition , but as it's not
they do want to do hand writing recognition on that , it's just the first step .

Plus red , which is a fruit and vegetable .
actually and one advantage of this is that after the , , after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a remote , .

So at this stage , , is this the last meeting of the project ?

, and if you're not having a good time with the T_V_ , you can f throw it about , .

And it's also conformable to the size of your hand .

Save it in save it in the my documents .
, since we saved on the production cost , do we know how much we're making on profit ?

They're not made out of wood or titanium or rubber or anything , they're just simple

The using of the pens and writing on these special pads and all that ?

it's , , if the R_R_ motto is , we bring fashion to electronics , I'd say that could be quite fashionable .

we originally had a As far as our financial goals , we had a specific number for profits that we wanted .
prof profit sharing .

Think we're the envy of all the other R_R_ teams , .
it's another team that actually work out the mai the

So , , if you hold it like that , the one on your thumb , , the thumb button is the power button .
and then the M_ is a mute button .

And the electronics , we decided on it being just a simple , the easiest thing that's inside it .
w every everything else was fairly simple , but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new .

But then you ring 'em and you find them . So

The mobiles get lost all the time .

you've w everyone's come up with their own individual ideas in their own different departments ,

and then you can also there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the channel if you want .

they're in diff special colours ,
, they're a special form there in shapes and .

because I remember like , peopl if my Mom ever did it but I remember other people's Moms making like home-made Play-Doh where you just like make the colouring and make some dough .
I love the smell of that Play-Doh .

Your index finger is channel up , middle finger is channel down ,

, wanna put in as Project Manager the , little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it ,

when this meeting's finished like officially , there b we'll get a questionnaire to fill in .
we're gonna get asked to fill out another questionnaire .

That was the main criteria from the last meeting , it had to be chew proof .
That was our main technological innovation

So it's really basic functionalities as far as what keys are available ,
So all the , the important keys are right at your f right at at a convenient place for you to access them .

And our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty .
It was fifty mil fifty million

So d does that what mesh with what you guys were hoping and for and expecting or does it

Did you have to go down to the corporate squash court and bash a few balls about ?
In the corporate bar that's next to the corporate swimming pool on the top floor that we're that've all just gained access to .

ring finger is volume up , your pinkie is volume down .

We finished an hour earlier .

Being all wired up and a vibrating pen and it's .

That's gonna cost ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make .

it's literally that'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text .

It's not the kinda thing that's gonna slip like between a couch cushion , .

We're not we're not , tying our cart to that one horse .

It make watching T_V_ healthy .

Just don't sh don't throw it at any of the ornaments and break them .
, you can break the ornaments , but you won't break that .

And it's got the b the black and yellow and blue .

So the case , we've gone for the double curved .

, you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically , but

I it's probably better that we wrap it up than have five minutes of silence .

, anything , . . It's bigger than the average mobile , I .

It's made edible kids eat it ,

