so it's all accessible . Without m taking your hand off the remote .

diff if you can visualise this in colours it would look quite fancy .
Did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo ?
Like the colour scheme names and .
So it's like special colour we'll have two colours
one colour for the case , one colour for the buttons .
And we have a special colour for the button , and we also have a special form .
We needed more Play Doh colours .

, as for the colours , we were presented with a limited range of colours for this prototype .
that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use .
th the colours we were given for making the prototype aren't the colours that we would've necessarily chosen .

I would definitely go for that rather than like your average plain old remote like that ,
No , I , I much about the remote control industry , how much your average sells for ,
I the the key word there is average ,

As long as there's not a big pause between the t hitting the two buttons .
and we don't have any scroll buttons , it's all pushbuttons ,
Shake it and the buttons fall off .
You press the button it makes a noise
just because it's we've decided to reduce it down to the basic buttons , that in itself makes it so much easier to use .
Does it make more sense for the middle one to be an just an enter button ?

Notice you have a number ten button .
we just thought , we have all the numbers here , so we wanted something representative of numbers larger than ten and
we went for like a circular design for the numbers
they're about ten po ten pound ,

Alright so based on this evaluation , do we average them out sorta thing ?

because the most accessible buttons are the volume and the channel-changing .

Will this remote control be easy to find when lost ?
because compared to every other remote ever m ever made , this one will be easier to find .
Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new ?

buttons are accessible from your thumb .
because we thought that's a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb .

, the colours are yellow and grey .
like that's grey , and it wouldn't be that expensive to have a little bit of metal .

So then you would have to push two buttons every time at least .
, we have push button interface , so that's inexpensive .
We never were pushed for time , or sat around doing nothing , so

on your average remote , if you press one twice you just go to or say you wanted channel twelve , you press one , and then you go to channel one , and then two then you'd just go to channel two , instead of twelve .
So if you did like one plus two you could go to channel twelve , or two plus two is channel twenty two .
but if I wanna go to say number like sixty five , channel sixty five , if I press the six it'll go to channel six , and then I'll press the plus , and then it'll go to six and then put the five and it'll go to sixty five ?
I wouldn't have thought it'd be a problem that it went to channel six first , in like on the way to channel sixty five .

Remember that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly .
Remember that eighty percent of users were willing to spend more money when a remote control looked fancy .
Remember that fifty percent of users lose their remote regularly .
Remember that thirty four percent of users usually found it difficult .
, which affected over a quarter of users .

these numbers all work independently up to nine .
, there'll be s we have to work out the number the plus system .

and seeing if this prototype matches what our budget can handle .
Does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user .

And evaluate the product , as a group .
So we need to tally up how much our w our product will be costing .
Of the actual project rather than the product ?

is the alarm system still was it implemented ?
when you press the alarm system , the lights behind the and it'll vibra
but you can't see an alarm inside the alarm system itself .

And this is just if you've got like eleven or twelve or thirt the plus .
, so our average there , five , six , eight , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fifteen , nineteen , twenty one , divided by eleven

will people be willing to spend twenty five Euros on this product ?
So people don't just see it and think , , this is so simplistic , I don't want to spend twenty five Euros .
there were some people that used the video input and sound and .
So our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros .

and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour combination just could just be named after different fruit ,
, potato , mango , fruit and veg .
it is , fruit or vegetable depends on your mood .
Current trends of fruits and veggies , desire for sponginess .
there's no like pictures of fruit , it's just naming it by a fruit .
The fruit and veg idea .

How it fits in the palm of your hand ?
you don't need to use both hands , one hand to hold this and type in with the other , you can just use your thumb .
I like the appeal of it being like a big glob in your hand .
But then it wouldn't sit as comfortably in your hand .
, you could hold it in your left hand and d use your index finger .

we weren't really given a lot of time , or materials , , to go about our design task .

Remember the management said that it had to be prominent .
the only thing was having to remember to to tick the okays

the light from the inside was gonna light up .
, when it lights up as we it could light up when the alarm went .

like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green ,
Banana's more representative of our colour scheme , like the company the yellow and black .
Apple green , brown , more kinda trendy , , khaki
red , black and yellow , and orange .
and we don't wanna go for black because most remote controls are black or grey .
because on the banana theme we can't have it as being yellow .
But the yell d yellow's ugly though ,

And then we will evaluate it , given the criteria that that we gave it .
Evaluation criteria is next in line .
, we're gonna be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we've just seen .
It's evaluated generally positively .

actu that's pro that's gonna get confusing , like that .
A pro a product within the budget .

So I know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative .
And the kinetic energy , shaker-style-y , whoo ,
And the kinetic energy part .
we're using kinetic which is quite a large expense at three Euros .

And it might actually help with the repetitive stress injury as .
It could another type of repetitive stress injury though .

and this'll be the power point , the on off button kind
So the lower p the lower the points the better .
But if it was hidden underneath the cushion , there wouldn't be any point .
and like if we had decided to use the L_C_D_ screen , and like solar power backup and everything , then we wouldn't have been able to afford that .

And talk about our finances , whether we were under or over our budget .
Which puts us just barely under budget .

so question number two was is it techn technologically innovative ?
we didn't want it to be any more innovative than this , because then that would've defeated the purpose .

it was said before in the material specification that this the this anti-R_S_I_ material is often used in stress balls
Bit of a stress ball feel .

which was repeated strain injury ?
We may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we about .

It's a pretty simple design .
w once that's written down on the page that'll be really simple ,

and the feel of it , , we've made this out of Play Doh , which is representing the , , the rubber , and the spongy rubberness .
, as we said the rubber's probably used for comfort and anti-R_S_I_
We've been quite successful with the rubber coating
the factor that we've been least successful in confronting .

where's it gonna sit in your living room ?
Do you guys feel like there was room for creativity ?

So in the long term this can actually save you money .

I have a a spreadsheet where we can calculate our prices for every aspect of what we've made , given our options .
so if we're thinking about the rest of the market , it's probably halfway .
So with a good marketing scheme and the personalisation options , it'll

the agenda for this meeting is we'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers .
and looking back at my notes from our both our conceptual and our functional meetings , I made a list of what our original requirements and goals were ,
, back to our kick-off meeting this morning .
I have the original in my my email account .
And don't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary .

, will it minimise the effects of R_S_I_ ,
the PowerPoint slide thing said would be good for R_S_I_ ,
with that achieved , our last slide is our closing slide .

, did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics ?
That's fashionable in itself to have interchangeable plates .
Good leadership , we stayed on task .

So we'll have to talk to our executive managers , and see if we can get away with just the R_R_ .

Is it not gonna fall off the arm of the sofa ?

or vanilla might be the most popular if it just blends in
and then the vanilla's more for the more sophisticated customer who just wants something that fits in with all decor .
to fit in with our areas of expertise .

And we were a able to modify each other's ideas

the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit .
I gue , it's personal taste ,
and also our personal coach helped us along the way ,

we thought of the components it was definitely a focus of ergonomics and just a single ha handheld device ,
, if somebody saw that and you said what was that inspired from , I if you'd instantly say mango .

So that for corporate identity that would probably be the most strength .
The pomegranate's kinda girly and funky ,
H it's got higher centre of gravity like that .

I'm gonna open up a second one then it's locked for editing .

But if you can imagine that in like a s just a maybe a pale metallic-y finish
, it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around .

It turns into a duck and starts quacking .

my computer's giving me technical difficulties .

more settled cream instead of the others are all a bit garish .

