what I suggest is that instead of deciding ourself what could be and what should be a good remote control , let's ask people who are users of remote controls
what we found was that there are several things that the user don't like in remote controls .
like a user taking his remote control

but since we are focusing only on T_V_ remote controls
since we are focusing on our interface device remote control
because since we are only focusing on T_V_ remote control

And because of the fact that there are so many buttons in these remote controls
We should only make a remote control , nothing more . Nothing more than this , just a remote control .
Market is a of remote controls it better ,
For personal preferences that to make a baby-proof remote control it got to be a titanium .
but i like we talk about universal remote control .
So in a given room there might be more than one remote control .
Speakers in the remote cont

and I want to tell you about what people s want and like and dislike in remote controls ,
is that it seems that they were people are ready to pay for and look and fancy looking remote control ,
people are very frustrated w with their remote controls
so most of the people say they how to they to use properly their r remote controls .
Think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them ,
like so suppose people are really they just they don't touch the remote

how they feel about w the current remote controls ,
Current remote controls as they're the same as this one
And the other thing is that the current remote controls are not so easy to use
and it the current facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls .
And most of the buttons on current remote controls are not used ,
that may be used by u the user in the current available remote controls
current remote controls they are never easy enough to use .

So now it really depends on the targeting wha who are we targeting with this remote control ?
Since we were targeting a really soon date for the i issuing of this remote control
Sh should we target a user personalised remote control ?

but people want to have control on volume
Only buttons we need is on off , volume , channels and maybe some options else ,
And another feature that I would like to implement is volume control .
The user will just be able to say can you pump up the vo pump up the volume
volume and decrease or increase ,
Like , if I want to put volume up I like do I take my remote control do like something like

So we've conducted a survey on the use of remote controls
and I'd like to show you some of the results we found on this survey .
So we've conducted a survey about whether people would like or not to have this functionality in their remote control

and then it will generate some information to the main device .
Then we will have the main control in the main device to do the particular action what we want .
which sends the information to the main device .

because since our User Interface speech recognition

as the basic function of remote control is sending some message to the device , like T_V_ or V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player etcetera .
So we will have a p portable device which will send message to the main device like T_V_ .
that's passing information to the T_V_ device .

if we are targeting young people then it's probably something we have to consider .
should we aim at the young people or not ?
we should aim at the young people .
In general the early adopters of a new device are young people ,

Like something to like t phones . Some of the phones have some of this s functionality .
phone you can always phone your phone
but you can't phone your remote control .

People want to have a power button .
I would say the simplest one as long as there are the I find the buttons that I need every time I need a button .
like you can de you can just button the number
And then these messages these key buttons can be transferred into some message
what about the idea of automatic on off on the button , .

I hope you're ready for this functional design meeting .
and I hope this is going to help you to design it correctly .
so we should design something where some of the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people are using .
So now I'll briefly describe the working design of our remote control .

and I am responsible for User Interface Design .
that's gonna be less technical functions but more User Interface and current intentions and everything which is linked with this .
and then we have user interface like the keypad and buttons we want ,
the U_I_D_ Mark will be focused on the user interface concept

in one remote control that I've seen , instead of doing that d you could just say these are the cha ch channel three , twenty eight , forty eight and sixty four are those that I want to by cycled with my next button .
like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and then to sixty four ?

it's from a much easier device like air conditioning .
And let us include two features into this device ,
if you want to go for a universal then we ought to limit for functions for each of our devices .
So now the technical aspects of this new device .
and then we have some inside some chip in the device .
I heard of devices where you just whistle them

One thing is that as I said in my presentation people really do like to z zap .
Again , this to have some interaction like suppose people use D_S_P_

Then we'll have switch in our main device to do particular operations ,
actually we can have one switch to like switch on , on and off , this processor
and y you how much time you need to switch on or switch off

And all these buttons should be easy to find and to click ,
when you watch a movie and you want to change something , you always try to find a good button and click it ,

And n then you have things which are very much less often used like the settings . Audio settings , screen settings , even teletext and channel settings .
Suppose you set u you set up some volume
set up your T_V_ set like channels that you use they're one , two , three and five ,

It seems that people find teletext relevant ,
tell you that in a l in a scale between one and ten relevant not relevant to relevant people scored a six on this ,
but just know that people find it somehow relevant .
Young people , probably because it's a buzz word , find it very relevant .

so this battery , once you s switch on it will take power
because we have only very few words like power , switch on or some like

first , power on and off can be made fully automatic .
which controls power , volume and this part and this D_S_P_s .

One of the thing the trend that you are probably aware of is the possibility the eventual possibility of having speech recognition in your remote control ,
anyway volume is not really speech recognition problem ,
Did you consider the r gest gesture recognition ?

that's for what the biggest frustration of the user
so user can say , suppose they're watching a tennis match then they can say after one hour I

I see that you target several s application not only T_V_
we will only concentrate on T_V_ for the moment
so some T_V_s will have different encryption codes for doing s channel changing and these things .

So we need to have some energy source to do what to do the functions , what we want on this portable device .
mainly the energy source like the battery
And then we'll have the infrared L_E_D_ source
so we have the main energy source

channel selection is very important , very often used .
if I want to go to directly to channel twenty five , how would I do can I do that with this ?
and you will never have to go to a twenty fives channel .
So even if they are only watching four or five channels , they want to zap out of the one hundred channels ,
they don't really follow same channels strict

it's not an easy field to play ,
that's not so easy to go just next when you have hundreds of channels .

And since I also want to know feedback from our Marketing Expert and User Interface ,
and also Marketing Expert for the speech recognition is really handy ,
and our m Market Expert Sammy Benjo on the trend watching .

we can have another , like s simple speech recogniser on our D_S_B_ chip .
so that and we will put the small simple speech recogniser
and we can also train the speech recogniser for particular user

wha what is the use usefulness of the screen ?
it can be just a menu which can be controlled with a left , right , up , down and enter .
All the rest , we sh we'll put it into this menu on the screen .

and finding it easily just by touch .
like it can turn on the light for you just to f find it easily ,
like all these people do that their lights are turning on with clapping .

puts fashion into electronics
I am an expert in industrial design of all electronic devices

W we'll have a screen with a back light
I would propose this concept for design , just few buttons , a screen with a back light which can change colours , titanium
its main purpose is a back light ,

and then you move out or you move to the other corner of the room
Like , you want to change the chair or you want to move to the armchair from the sofa , and then the volume changes .
which some pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack like that .

sensing sensor machine that knows
It's generally in the form of infrared or some s sensor information .
then it particularly sends some information to the chip like in some form , like volume and like this key .

it's mainly digital signal processing chip because
and we can have some speech recognition and in our g generally small digital signal processing chip

and our method is going to be , provide simple
simple desires into simple actions .
you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things , .

and in this one want to be more focused on the individual actions the on the components

for this budget like twelve Euros .
because v our target is only like twelve point five Euros

and you can change mode zapping mode or

The full page presentation ,
because i I spent lots of time doing this presentation , so .
so we should probably spend lots of time in and effort in that .

And a general method which is seems to be very useful for our task

we want to know to at the end to know the new project's requirement
that we want to fulfil the from the technical part
However , Project Manager asked me to give you some presentation about technical functions design .
Our question of the style , we should remember that our company
It's a question to our technical design , our two engineers .

, it's electromagnetic waves maybe effect .
because infrared uses some electromagnetic technology ,

Then we will work again for thirty minutes individual work ,

so I'll input the connections to all this components .
so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them .
you will focus on the component concept

is not to forget about Occam razor .
I'll check in my department if there's someone specialist in that .

According to your distance to and the angle maybe , if you have a stereo system .
and I previously devised many like digital calculators and electronic calculators .
now I see th this the picture in front of my eyes

like before specific instruction will be sent to you by your personal coach .

it's repetitivity stress injury .

Mm-hmm . And from the discussion we had do you can you make it on the whiteboard , or .

