So , not the favourite animal , but I'll draw elephant .

and will m we will meet to to discuss and take decisions about what you've you did and what we will do next .

So you have to work on the working design ,

we'll discuss a f a fly or do we'll do another meeting abo on elephants .

It seems that elephants are pretty friendly

then we'll go to the plans for project and have general discussions about it .

so , want me to draw my favourite animal .

So is this an Indian or an African elephant ,
, they are very different , Indian and African elephants .

So , the goal of this project is to developed a new remote control .

so I will be Sebastian the Project Manager .

and mainly first to to make to be used to the tools available in this and smart meeting room we have here .

So Indian elephant is having one bump , , and the African have two .

spider lives in a web

So we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control

And they are the biggest terrestrial animal .

so another important part of the project is about money ,

And then there's a difference in the trunk of the animals ,

I'm Michael . I'm the user interface designer .

so , it seems the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make ,

should it be specific remote control to some specific device ?

So , we're here today to have our first kick-off meeting about this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes .

But don't you think it's very difficult to draw a panther ?

but I if that's if that's the requirement that we need to design the product to actually fit that price bracket

because you can actually draw it pretty in the corner of a white board .

And I am Hemant , the industrial designer .

The second's a conceptual design ,

So it should be the topic of maybe of the next meeting just to have an overview of this and in which direction we should go .

As usual we will follow the project method that we are using in the in our company .

so we are going to go through the white board and take some s some notes or do some drawings .

So first , we have to train ourself with all the the tools availables in the in this meeting room and particularly the white board

and you have to work on us user requirements specs ,

what product they're expecting for twenty-five Euro

There are some spiders that live in like that have like a big ball of a web .

which would generate a profit of fifty million Euros , .

it should be original , trendy , and also user friendly .

During each step of each design we wi you will work s separately , individually on your specific tasks

but it's it acts like a parachute so they can actually go and find new build a new web somewhere else .

So it's gonna be you already have a T_V_ but you're buying an extra remote control for it ?

I watch a film about a black panther when I was a child

like they have they let out like a stream of like the web building material

but at the end all the spiders kinda flew away .

I have watched that lions di didn't hunt it's the female lions who hunt ,

and it can move all about the web in two dimensions .

So they did this in in Charlotte's Web that movie

if it's the male who hunts or it's the female ,

And we should target the inter an international market .

At least few hundred years ago when there was no means of transportations , or when they had to carry huge loads from one place to another , elephants were very useful .

and it's black as , so it can he it can hide itself very easily

Hi I'm Guillermo . I'm the Marketing Expert .

is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling ?

you have to work on the technical functions ,

so , I we're gonna need to find out what's actually , what people ar are willing to pay for

So so I'm waiting for your inputs very quickly

So when they walk , wherever they are going to put their first feet , the second feet will always be .

you will receive some information by emails , i as usual .

