Do we only have to do phase one , the functional design ?

we're supposed to develop a new remote control ,

and then the same buttons control your video .

the User Interface Designer should specify the technical functions .

That are the basic options for a remote control .

we're work we're working from top to bottom . functional design ,

and we can interview current users and future users . What w what would they like to see on a new remote control ? especially for future users ,

this industrati Industrial Designer should produce a working design .
I had to focus on the working design , which you said .
the use of the Industrial Designer can work on the working design , etcetera .
I am gonna work on the conceptual design already

And another function I'll think of switch to your media centre ,

Are there any new functions which can be added to our product ?

the distance from your television to your remote control has to be , , quite a big distance .

, is it gonna be a multimedia control centre ?

but have you any idea so far as what the user requirements are ?

that is the user requirements part .

that it activates or deactivates specific functions ,

individual work , meeting .

from a marketing perspective , the function des design phase consists out of the user requirements .

And then use your Windows media centre under your T_V_ with the same remote control . So with the switch , one single switch

and we ye use button presses to activate or deactivate certain functions on the T_V_ .

we have first to start with the basic functions
So we have a basic starting point

And the Marketing Expert should come up with user requirements .

And then I have to prepare I have to defend our design ,

like l li like some remotes who are out there , which I know , there's one button which is very easy to switch between devices .

We could just start with the assumption that's only for T_V_ and video .

and let it work in to get ideas about how I have to fill it .

then we have a meeting to discuss the results , etcetera .

therefore we have to do some internet search . for what applications do current remote controls support , and what are f featur features of current and future televisions ?

but you'll ne need several other buttons for a video player .

You need a play and a forw fast forward and a stop function .

And at the end of the day we have a final meeting .

And and for a t teletext you need additional buttons as ,

and you should draw an animal . you should explain with different colours and with different pen widths .
And you should explain why you draw that particular animal .

Move to the meeting room .

Do I have to explain why I chose this this animal ?
It's my favourite pet animal ,

there are a few means to reach that by doing research to see what existing products are there out in the market .

I in the file option menu .

we can sell them at twenty five Euros .
the aim is to reach to sell as much as fifty million Euros .

and in the format menu you can select colour and line width , etcetera .

And the production cost should be the half of the selling price .

It uses infrared light to communicate the signal to the T_V_ apparatus or stereo .

and in every step I have a s specific task to perform or whatever .

opening acquaintance , tool training , how to use the things here . project plan discussion , and then the rest of the meeting .

Is this part of our a acquai or introduction to each other ?

And at the end of the day we should have a prototype drawn up .

And reserve the possibility to add other features .

that's quite a big amount of money .

Can you use one blank sheet per drawing ? Or

that's both original , trendy and user-friendly .

And for the changing up to the to all the channels and changing the volume .
, you wanna ch flip the channel

we have a financial aspect to this project .

according to the coffee machine example , I have batteries to supply energy ,

they're cute , they're independent and cuddly ,

we have available the smart board and the whiteboard .

They l look like mole legs . With sharp nails on .

that's a fr friendly turtle I .

