what's your experience with remote controls ,
What's your experience with remote control ?

and the aim for the project is to create a to design a new remote control

but that most people th will buy the remote control because

what ideas do you have to design a new remote control ,
the main idea of this remote control is

but then you have to find your other remote control if you want to search .

Perhaps that you have a lot of road remotes r road con remote controls .
You had different remote controls for different devices .
but it'll get very big the remote control .
you got th the same size remote control you use everyday ,
when p when the customers will buy this remote control , they already have the remote control which companies with the standards remote control with which comes with the television .
but they don't use the same signal , on remote control .
always with r universal remotes you have to choose the code .

but it is impossible to to accommodate all the buttons on the s on the difference different televisions sets on one remote control . It's impossible .
Because you can't use a Panasonic remote control on a Philips television .

And I hope our project group will not be slow ,
And I hope also reach a lot with this project .

But not the buttons used to search on the channels on your television .
You don't have to integrate the buttons to search the channels on your television .

maybe for which market segments should we aim ,

and we are hoping to achieve that by aiming for an international market .

It consists of three phases , namely the functional design , conceptual design and detailed design .
the Industrial Designer will take a look at the working design ,

I'm the Project Manager of this project ,

And I hope we have the expertise to create such a project such a product .

I also h hope we have a pleasant working with with each other .

maybe a minimalist design , the least possible amount of buttons .

and my function is User Interface Design , .
The User Interface Designer will work out the technical functions design .

and I'd like to hear who you are and what your functions are on this project .

you don't want to bother people with loads of buttons ,

and I hope to look forward to a very pleasing end of this project .

the way we hope to achieve that is the following methods .

there's a possibility to g to put those buttons behind some protection
but the usual buttons such as zapping as you call it in Dutch . and the volume control are only the only possible buttons to use directly .
and c if you look into the future , then they want will want the button , if their thing is broke .

the aim is better to use the whole world and Britain , .

Because a market will be all people . Elderly p el elderly , young people , so .
so that option is not optional for those people .

to go back and forward between pages ,
back to business , back to the money part .

or that you just should aim for the normal T_V_s

the most functions we will use will be to add a new page ,

from the finance department I have learned that we are aiming for a selling price of twenty five Euros .
And we're hoping for a aim of fifty million Euros

Because Sony television has the opportunity to s to make to make it possible for to see on one side of the screen teletext , and on the other side just n regular television .
But like the two pages on the same screen , like teletext and normal television , that's nowadays standard , .

then we have to head back to our offices and start working .

My job is in the company to promote company or promote products to the customers .
we have some expertise from different pieces of the company .

and I hope you will introduce yourself in a few minutes ,
five minutes and the meeting's over , right on schedule .

the Marketing Expert will will take a look at the user requirement specification .

our next meeting will start we're a little bit early , but our next meeting will start in thirty minutes .
meeting will close in five minutes .

And you can also delete an entire page ,
but you shouldn't delete an entire page ,
but don't delete entire pages .

Could you write the words , underneath it ?
actually I'd like to hand the word back to you .

And the production cost will be twelve Euro fifty max .

which has to be original , trendy and , user friendly .

because I'm going to ask you to draw your favourite animal .

if you're going to target a lot of people and the whole world and only Britain then the cost will rise higher than the twelve fifty , .

as you also noticed this presentation document is in our project folder
and every document you put in this folder is it is possible to show that here in our meeting room .
but we will mainly use this one for the documents in the shared folder .

see we have some drawing talent in this group ,

and this is the pen with which you can draw on the board ,
it's a smart board but also a slow board .

those instructions will be in the email you will receive shortly , I hope .
I expect everything will be much clearer with the instructions we will receive shortly .

and a favourite characteristic can be just one word .
the favourite charis characteristic is that the long neck ,

As you can see , all of these phases consists of two parts , namely individual work part and a meeting
In the meantime there's time for some individual actions .

And you can also let's see it's here change the colour of your pen ,
and change the line width like to five .

and showed you how to pick a colour ,

and specific instructions will be sent to you through your personal coach .

I've wrote down some examples here of what we can speak about .

as you probably have noticed there are little black fields on the table .

play , pause , stop .

As you can see , this is the same tool bar as is located here .

easy to r to recognise as a giraffe .

I've drawn a dolphin because of its intelligence .

