so a lot of buttons on the remote control .

my first question was does it have to be a universal remote control ?
we just say that's universal remote control .

first we have three steps of making the remote control .
we're gonna have a little discussion about what experience are with a remote control the and everything ,
Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control ?
You can put games on your remote control . Whatever .
So it doesn't matter what place it is on the remote control ,

So maybe we have to keep it like a square , just normal remote control .

And we have to look what the market is doing for what remote controls are in the market .

does it has to b have to be like a different form than a normal remote control

what we know is that we have to sell this remote control for about twenty five Euros .

And we have to care for the strength of the remote control ,

. If you if you make to fold open it's or also an the strength is not s as good as a normal remote control .

I don't think you can buy a universal remote control for twenty five Euros ,
I know you can buy a re a universal control for only twenty Euros

O or you could th think of an a small touch screen on the remote control .

because lots of people are lose their remote control and where it is ,

if we control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player with it it has to be clear ,

, just for the T_V_ and just the normal function , that's fine .

because remote controls are most things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often broken .

Fir the first thing is th the functional design ,
We have to look what the needs are , the effects of the functional design , and how the the remote control works , so that's where we're going to look in the functional design ,

Maybe use it as a separate option . Sell it separately .

this if you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_ , a D_V_D_ player , all that things .

when I'm watching T_V_ I'm just using like five buttons or so ,

And what we have to think about too is buttons that you use often are maybe like when you fold it open ,

if you buy it separately from your phone it's probably expensive ,

how m how mu how expensive is a normal recharger ?

on top are the basic options on top ,

so if you have a clear button with an good icon on it , it should be clear as .

Because we sell it lonely from the t and not with the television , we sell it apart .

And also for the V_C_R_ and D_V_D_ player
Maybe for the D_V_D_ pla player ,

and you just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in the station ,

something on top , just dren general things like volume and T_V_ channels and inside things you don't use that often .
you can have the basic things on the same place , like on off button on top and the T_V_ channels one two three four as a block , and then the volume on t on top , so you can see .

but it's not reachable , touch screen .
And if you have a touch screen in it , it's definitely too fragile fragile .

the buttons on usable places ,

, this is about twenty five minutes , this meeting .

Or we have to make something like mobile phones that you can fold it opem .

can someone make a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million ,

maybe it's very hard to make it fold open and to l look like it's very

And we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros ,

We have to close this to finish this meeting ,

how much is your standards mobile phone recharger ?

so we have to use a big market in Europe .

for m for me the Marketing Expert , the user requirements specification , do I need to think as a user ,

The production cost are about half the price of selling price ,

Half past ten .

For the next time you have to put it exactly on the square , so your laptop .

what time did we start this meeting ,

And you already saw all that you here can put things in the red project map .
but I what the project projection costs are for such a thing .

and a lots lots of kids use it

line width ten .

and we have to use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen .
Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back ,

these pens would be just you write it down and you download it to Word ,

it has to be original , trendy , user-friendly
that's the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface .

but a home station is a really good idea ,

You have to draw a favourite animal on the whiteboard
but it's an animal that lives in the water .

I set something on paper already , size , looks , usable ,

Technical fun fu

but I d it would be just in typed words in Word ,
Y you can't edit in the edit it in Word .

Press F_ eleven .

