and then we have to make a decision on our remote control functions .
I'm gonna talk about the technical functions design of the remote control .
on the left here we've got an engineering-based design for a remote control ,

using a remote control is quite a subjective experience . ,
as I said before , remote controls are subjective ,
so like you type a hundred on your remote control and

We need to start by considering what a remote control actually is .
how do we actually go about designing a new television remote control ?
we should remember that remote controls are a fairly standard piece of equipment .
and what can we do to make our product stand out from the large majority of remote controls .
there's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control .
personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple ,
It's funny to see the drastic difference between those two remotes . .
you have like you have numbers on your remote control ,
If someone's looking to buy a new remote , don't they want like an upgrade ?
Like some T_V_s they have a a sliding screen on the remote control of it
who can't even be bothered to pick up the remote .
I suspect the remote control does need a battery ,

That being people k frustrated with losing their remotes .
People are also frustrated with the difficulty it is to learn how to use a remote
People are only using ten per cent of the buttons that they have offered to them on their remote .

You have energy going to the user who's controlling the chip
So you have your energy source , your user interface who's controlling the chip ,
and the chip through the use of the user interface is gonna control the switch
We need a chip that works with the user interface ,

First of all the functional design objectives .
we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification , what needs and desires are to be fulfilled , the functions design , what effects the apparatus should have , and the working design , how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function .
this is our working design presentation .
what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function .
working designers figure out what you need to make it fulfil this practical function ,
because they're the one that's controlling most of the working design .
This is the parts of the working design that need to be figured out .
in there we have technical functions presentation , working design presentation and the functional requirements .

Focusing on their desires , people specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly ,
looking at the needs people specified , the problem right now is that people's remotes are not matching their operating behaviour .

also they did some questions on voice recognition
so younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition ,
whereas the older people in the like sixty and above segment or so did not really think that they would pay more money for voice recognitions .
things like voice recognition would add to the price
that that older people didn't really care for voice recognition ,
after thirty five people don't really care if it has voice ,
which I feel like voice recognition is not necessary in a remote control ,

and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had .
also just the phenomenon that less is more when it comes to the buttons on the remote
When a users using a remote control , he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places .
they might be overwhelmed with remotes that have too many buttons and too much technology .
that hides all the complicated buttons .
And we want we want large buttons for the essential things .
Large , accessible buttons for the essentials .

a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product ,
also in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities .
the user interface is critical here ,
User Interface , the user interface concept ,

so that we're not completely shocking people .
It's for , like , the ultimately lazy people ,
so it's going to appeal to people , maybe people who have problems with technology , , people who get scared by having lots of buttons ,
which is something that definitely appeals to younger people .
and half the people said that happened
that might contribute to less people losing it too if it stays in one place .

This is our functional design meeting .
And then you have to press function F_ eight
which includes an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional ,
we have about four minutes left to define our functions .
We want a possibility to to get a possibility to get the extra functions .

the idea of an L_C_D_ screen was brought up
so we need a clear idea of exactly what this product does ,
But within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas
so it's like fifteen to thirty five that think that's a good idea .
And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice ,

more importantly though , eighty per cent said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote .

So then I we'll talk about our general objectives
I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received ,
we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked .
we need to talk about our functions and our target group .

the components that we find here are the energy source , the battery or whatever that's gonna m make it work , then the chip , which converts the data , the user that's controlling the chip , and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver .
which will then bring the data to the receiver .
I don't think of a way you can operate a chip and convert that much data without one .

because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans
because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work .
So you make a schematic of the way that the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function .
because a lot of the things that happen in a remote control happen through the chip that controls that converts the electrical energy into data ,
And personal preferences , besides the fact that I can't spell , we need a long-lasting energy source ,

So in some sense we're gonna have to aim for a device which is fairly conventional in design
but it would also im improve the design of the product .
so the chip that Ian is designing , is gonna be crucial .
while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design .
I_ I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept ,

So I the carpal tunnel type thing , people do not like that ,
y and you type in the page number you want ,
And you just type numbers to go to different pages

and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age ,
The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation
that's all specific for speech recognition .

And what people do most often is changing the channel and changing the volume .
People also zap like to change the channel , about sixty five per cent during an hour of use .
So we really just need to focus in on those volumes and channel changers rather than things like the audio settings , the screen settings and the channel settings ,
make that , , something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on the remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often .
And in order for us to win over to the consumer we just need to focus on what it looks like ,
, it's got forward , backwards , up , down , channel numbers , volume , freeze frame .
It's just got the essential functions of the T_V_ changing the channel , play , stop , volume .
it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often , changing the volume , changing the channel .

So our target group , we're saying , fifteen to thirty five ?
maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age ,
So maybe it's more useful to d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is

Lottery numbers and sport scores .
I'm gonna be given any other numbers broken down in terms of age later ,
if I get m more numbers , I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages .
the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages .

I'm also putting 'em them in the shared folder .
sorta find out what people think of 'em .
we need to find a balance between features and price .
So we've got to find our find a way of striking a balance between the two .
or not hidden but they're they're not as prominent as the main features .

's move on to the next presentation on effects .
The battery and that that the chip takes the data and presents it , without scattering .
Battery ? Do we need a long-life battery ?

and they watched them watch T_V_
and it gives you information , mostly rather boring like what's on T_V_ next and share prices and that thing .
But if you ever see the T_V_ saying like go to page one sixty on Ceefax now , that's what they're talking about .
Like a button on a T_V_ you can press

what can we do with the current state of technology as it is .
It's earl it's pretty old technology .
that's probably a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway ,
I what else you can put in a remote to make it technologically advanced though .
but why are we aiming for a technological advancement ?
. aim for a an income group .

They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab
seventy five per cent of the a hundred subjects noted that
especially if it's a hundred subjects that th they then can subdivide into age groups that means there's very few in each age group ,

the easiest thing to do is to break down all the points
And then the easiest thing to do is gonna be work on each task separately .
which will work your infra-red bulb ,
we're not gonna the management has decided we're not gonna work with that .
After that we have thirty minutes of individual work .

I had a look on the on the web to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls .
Here's two examples probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum .
one of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder .
and then you get coffee at the end that's and hot

It also mentioned something called R_S_I_
and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what R_S_I_ is ,
the findings that I got very just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver
which then brings energy or information to the chip ,
We need a straightforward interface , like Ian was saying , simple , not overwhelming it with information
we have to be careful that doesn't impede the chip transmitting information ,

Is it is it something that's gonna be sold separately from the television
so it will probably be sold separately , twenty five Euro by itself .

It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television ,
it sends a message to the television
you can't use it say to freeze the television picture .
I don't wanna walk across the room just to adjust my television .
this index appears on the television screen with just some text and some very blocky looking graphics on it .
like your question earlier whether this is going to be t for television , video , or etcetera . Just for television . That's what we're focused on .
So if you wanna do something complicated like programme your television or re-tune it , then you open up this little hatch or slide the screen down
and like how recently have they bought their television like that thing .

It's gonna be twenty five Euro remember ,
we've got a price limit of was it twelve and a half Euros for to produce it ?
And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises .

but if that's the only quality that we have that is divided into age then we would wanna stick between the fifteen and thirty five range .
So 's just the quality of the chip .
The quality quality of all the components really ,

I Real Reaction did some market research .
and finally there's more marketing , , , our corporate image has to be recognisable .
You in your analysis of different market of the marketing , you identified that different groups wanted different things
so it has to be avai marketable to whomever it is .
Especially if we are marketing it as a separate product , people are gonna be paying
market trend wa watching .

, over fifty percent of the people mentioned that was their biggest frustration .
fifty per cent of the fru f like frustration someone can have that was the biggest one
Be to note any frustrations or any issues that come up in your summary .

It's It's yellow colour with we put fashion in electronics .
if we're gonna say that function fashion we put the fashion in electronics then you automatically , , a younger group that's who's gonna be attracted to this .
Si simplicity and fashion .
that we have to keep in mind in with everything we do . Simplicity and fashion and , , or usability

and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal ,
I'll make to put up the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides .

We're starting this meeting at approximately twelve thirteen
Double click on it . With the right with the left hand one .
after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks a questionnaire and a summaries summary .

What they found was they analysed people's desires and needs .
although they didn't have any details on what people's preferences on that were ,
can we narrow it down to maybe teenagers and families ?

I if you guys are able to get access to the report that was online
And that's why companies like Apple've 've made a lot of progress .
that was just on the d on the company web site , .
I suppose it's similar to a very basic web browser .
We only have a short amount of time .
And hopefully , I hope , next time you'll be able to access more of the web site

and if you like get the instruction manual that comes with it and you just don't even read it then you'll never even know that those things can pull out .
And as per last time you'll get specific incrat instructions from your personal coach e-mailed to you .

Repetitive strain injury .
the repetitive use , I , caused a strain .
But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone , or like a little cradle for your iPod .

Lefty loosey , righty tighty ,
Lefty loosey , righty tighty .

