A multifunctional remote control , which can be used for several entertainment devices .
A single function remote control is simpler to use , but it means you have to have other remote controls for your other entertainment devices .
, I was just wondering about the , what Genevieve said before , about having like some hidden controls like having the outer casing .
, so what I'll be talking about now is the equivalent for a remote control .
, to influence our remote control .
Current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user .
As opposed to your basic , , oval black , all same size button remote control .
Remote controls are often lost somewhere .
, takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control .
, remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ .
and that would negate the whole remote control thing ,
But if we wanna make fifty million , and have everyone want this remote control , we should maybe
Like their priorities might not be a fancy remote control , when they're just starting out
And if one of the largest , , or most complained about thing is that it takes so long to get to know how to use a remote control ,
we don't have the resources or possibility of using the internet with the remote control ,
It would be able to use the same reception on the remote c control I , but the actual device would have to have its own infrared signaller .
, I was just gonna throw out there the thought about personalising the remote control .
but it could increase the popularity of the , of the remote .
and then that would be more profitable like as a sideline to the remote as .

. So I'll be discussing the functional requirements of this remote control .
The functional requirements of that was to produce hot coffee quickly .
, so , now we need to discuss , and come to a decision on our remote control functions , of how this is going to be .

So I suppose it does need like high contact , , high quality machinery , and very specific machinery ,
And a single function remote control , used specifically for the television .
, a single function just for the television itself .
, that a single function remote control would be preferable ,
So as far as we know , , a single function television remote control is us usable internationally ?
, for one thing , because Having controls with D_V_D_ , V_C_R_ , that thing , would really complicate the design of the remote control . , we've decided not to include them and make it a specific , just a specific television function .

They don't need to actually manually touch the television set .
So if we lost the remote control , perhaps there could be a button on the television set itself , which you could press ,
, in this case it's the function of the remote control , which is to send messages to the television , television set .
because if people can activate the television with their voice then they won't be using a , they won't be talking into a remote , I'm .
teletext at your fingers , without having to access that through the television .

Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy .
that eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy .
You mean that they would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control ?
, they're willing to spend money on a remote control with personality .
, and finally , whoops , my personal preferences and thoughts .

Not every , not a hundred percent of everything we produce ,
, seventy five percent of users of remote controls find them ugly .
, seventy five percent of remote control users said that they zap a lot .
, and fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons .
Seeing as ninety percent , over ninety percent would pay for it .

, I've done some marketing research , a lot of interviews with remote control users , , and some internet research .
So it looks like something that we're gonna want to do some research on and include on our remote control .
I that's something we can all take back to our respective research .
And we have to keep in mind the , the reliability of our research .

, the technical functions design of the apparatus is the effect the apparatus should have .
By taking inspiration from other similar designs , we'll try and come up with an original trendy remote control , which is sellable international .
There're two functional design options .
, it will make an original design more obtainable , as we have less functional necessities to include in the design .
And that would probably , , I d , what you said before about it being a more profitable simplistic design .
And with this we'll have more room in the budget probably to make a more original design .
We'll have more money to go into the design side of it .
but could be very difficult to get the specific design .
We need to decide if that is our intention is , is a simplistic design .
, our priority really should be unique design .
This is for the design , the design of the product is that we wanna create , more of a sense that people know that this is from our company .

So people wanna be able to turn on the T_V_ with the remote control .
T_V_ has like information , it has information on holidays , the news , entertainment .
And something that might further complicate it is that the T_V_ makes noise itself .
the same signal through that and it could just like make a little beeping noise .
isn't our remote control for all T_V_s ,
, unless some way , it could have some universal connection to like the socket , the same socket that the T_V_'s supplied from .

But we'll have to also avoid , , buttons responding to the slightest touch as .
, so if you touch the button , it reactivates it .
. If you touch the button and then it could be , it could be lit up as .

Channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight times on average per hour .
, channel settings . Zero point zero one times an hour . Relevance of three .
if you get a new T_V_ set , you tune in all the channels ,
I the channel that you're on , the v the volume setting .

, but the relevance of that button is nine out of ten .
Relevance of that button , our users found was ten , ten out of ten .
, ditto for volume selection , so ten out of ten .
Because usually you're not fooling around for it for more than what ten seconds .

A automatically , lights up at first touch .
I the other option , referring to the battery thing is , how cellphones will t light up for fifteen seconds , when you're s and then it goes ,
, just if it was kinda the same way that a cell how a cellphone will light up for about ten , fifteen seconds when you touch a button , after having not touched it for a while .
, if instead of a constant light up on the , on the remote control , if it lights up for ten seconds when it's touched again .
and you , you touch it and it just lights up a bit , and it gives a faint glow .

Zapping meaning they go through channels a lot .
because I find with channel-changers that , , a lot of the numbers get rubbed down if they're printed on the button .
Not as much as channel selection , but still significant .
it's just information that , like television timetables , what's on now , what's on next , on every channel , and
I if it'd be , if we'd still have a remote , or if you're talking to your television and saying change channel .
S like up arrow down arrow for , for volume .
But then the like up button and down button for the channel , channel changing .
so if , if you're like changing the volume during a movie .

, multifunctional controls can be difficult to use , as the multitude of buttons can be confusing .
so it might be very appealing if , , we have very concise buttons .
And another thing with lots of surfing , we'd probably have to work on something that could be a lot more durable ,
And actually to go with that , I'm gonna give you some statistics on the relevancy of the buttons , how much they're used .
So the power button , , in an hour is only used once .
so as you said we want a durable button that's not gonna run down .
So like a running banner , underneath
it's a button that you press , and then you , , like a menu pops up .
, buttons that don't require , , very firm pushing , if they respond .
, I , just from my findings it looks like we wanna minimise buttons .
right , if w if we're minimising buttons , we might be able to make them actually larger .

how the infrared will actually be sent through the chip to be received by the chip on the television set itself .
, as opposed to standing up and turning on the television set .
although in theory it doesn't tend to be when you're watching television ,

A large percentage of the public would pay for voice recognition on the remote controls .
Ninety one point two percent said that they would pay extra money to have voice recogni voice recognition included on their remote control .
So , voice recognition might be a little too extreme for us .
, I th myself , voice recognition scares me off .
, , a sixteen year old boy would say , I'd pay extra for voice recognition , until they realise that's three months allowance .
So no L_C_D_ , no teletext , and no voice recognition .

, so it's not used very often , but people still find it relevant .
So that was already discussed by Poppy . How we could have a , an alarm system so that people can find it .
we should definitely go ahead with the alarm system idea that you had .

So , , all the remote controls must have our We'll incorporate our logo and colour in some way .
So , , perhaps our logo on the bottom , or wherever you feel like it would look good .
we need to , we probably would have to have that colour and , and logo decided upon .
but for the purposes of this meeting I , I wasn't offered a , like a type of logo or colour ,
there are now like loads , or a huge range of different colours that it could light up in as ,

, audio settings is used on average zero point eight times an hour .
Screen settings , which means brightness , colour etcetera , zero point five times an hour .
C then it would only be a applicable to one T_V_ set ,
Maybe something adhesive that you could like stick onto the back of any set that would be not very obtrusive .

I'm the User User Interface Designer .
Does anyone object and , and find the multifunctional might be a better way to go ?
because we're trying to do so much , that if we're trying to make a unique , user-friendly , dadada , and it's also multi also multifunctional , , we're gonna go over budget for one thing .
And how important the users find them .
so in my opinion it should be , , user-friendly and unique .

Hopefully the person's not turning on and off the T_V_ .
thought that it , it might be sucking more battery power , if there , if it is a light up .
I know , I'm thinking of mostly when you're watching a movie you turn all the lights off right .
And you don't want to turn on the lights , to turn it down , because there's suddenly an explosion , and it's gonna wake up the baby .

an L_C_D_ screen though might be something that , , you can shift through pages li the way this PowerPoint is working .
just , just a screen , like a computer screen .
You'd have an L_C_D_ versus just a , a normal clock .
Like on the top of a cellphone , the little L_C_D_ screen .
I'm that something like an L_C_D_ screen or remote control would be just furthering that problem .
Are we going to write off the L_C_D_ option ?

Especially there's much responsibility for all the companies who are coming up with like new designs .
Would we be the company that would break down these , or metals ?
we could probably empl employ a , a side company to do that for us .
, so we'll have to investigate how much that will cost us , cost the company ,
and firstly I wanted to remind you about our company motto and purpose .
which could like link in with the company colours .

You would have to hire a number of people , and it might be more expensive .
And you have page numbers like for the menu ,
and you press the page numbers with your remote , and it , it'll come up .
, and you can see that number decreases a bit with ol s
, ages like from thirty five to sixty five which show lower numbers probably won't be as concerned .
the shape of the numbers is a really good idea .
And as you're saying like numbers can wear off if they're just like painted on , printed .

And it needs to allow a person to have a portable desi device , so they can control the television from wherever they are .
It'd be more compatible with a range of television sets , making it more internationally sellable .
And probably more sellable just because it's more compatible with a r a wider range of devices .
, it's just that , when we're creating it , we're , we have to make it compatible with different brands of devices .
And it would be easier to make it compatible with just different brands of television devices rather than other ent ,
I'm that could be inex inexpensive because we could use the same infrared

Before we go into more discussion on we want this design to look like , I've received some information from the management that will affect some of our decisions .
But , , we could discuss those other options that you brought up , Genevieve .
but we should discuss this light subject a little bit more before we close .
that completes most of our our more practical decisions .

which would just take in the light during the day , and then as soon as they go off they would glow in the dark .
, the glow-in-the-dark , fluorescent , whatever , system , is a go ahead .
The glow-in-the-dark or light up won't make any difference anyway .
We could , may , possibly , , incorporate them both so that the buttons could maybe be in the shape of the numbers themselves and be made out of some glow-in-the-dark material .
I d I don't think that glow-in-the-dark material , , like the actual soft plastic , , costs that much more than other colours .
So , do you think that we should do the lighting up thing , and the glow-in-the-dark thing , and the shape of the numbers ?
Because it might , for our design purposes , , the lighting up thing might be better because glow-in-the-dark material has a funny kinda colour .
it might be perceived as tacky , glow-in-the-dark .
I was thinking though , if it was glow-in-the-dark , you could put the Real Reaction symbol as glow-in-the-dark , and then it would be constantly advertised .

So I we're gonna have to figure out what age group we're , we're targeting ,
, if we are targeting young adults , it looks like something that would pay off .
I agree with if we're targeting young adults then it would be something we should look into .
, we have to decide on a target group and the functions of the remote control .
, that might be com problematic with copyright issues .

, the other twenty five percent didn't specify if they love them or found them , , neutral .
, so the youngest age group , fifteen to twenty five .
Interestingly enough , twenty five to thirty five is the lowest amount . , that would , are willing to pay extra .
if we wanted to concentrate on fifteen to twenty five years olds , we could go for the fancy .
And we should keep in mind that fifteen to twenty five year olds might not have twenty five Euros to spend on a remote control .
Early twenties , that's the age group .

, so it is something that people care about . It's not , it's not ignored in the household .
, biggest frustrations of the people that we interviewed .
and depending on how many members you have in households .
, so like big b buttons , for people you are visually impaired .
And it could , if it's that softer rubber material it'll be , maybe , , , better for people with els no
You could start out with three , and if , if we hit it big then we can add some on .

So that , , someone could have this product for as long as they felt that they wanted it , and then once they contribute it , then that company can break down the part , the parts better ?
And that's the part that would allow all the other parts to be separated at the end .
, the user would return the p product to the company ,

F_ eight , w . Function F_ eight .
F_ . Function F_ eight .
Repetitive strain injury .

I , I only , , received my emails later on . I was too busy carried away doing my own thing ,
Like the internet you can send emails and You've no interaction .
Another thing that might affect other decisions is that the management feels that teletext is outdated , because more people are using the internet now .
And so we won't concern ourselves with navigating the teletext option .
Were they , was the management suggesting use of the internet rather than teletext , or just avoiding both altogether ?
but another thing is that if we're reaching an international crowd , , I know for one that in North America there is no such thing as teletext , so it'd be really superfluous .

the first presentation we'll be looking at is Poppy's presentation .
and then an alarm from the handset would sound where it was , hopefully in the room .
and other bits which are gonna wear out with time , or not usable , they might be like be able to put into scrap metal .
are you ready for your presentation Genevieve ?
And if there was conversation in the room at the same time ,
the way fluorescent lights lose their brightness after certain time , so
So if you have all the lights off in your living room , you'll temporarily see it .
Every time the , that it lit up , you c that could light up as .

, hence our motto , we put the fashion in electronics .
, and we should also be looking to trends in clothing and interior design . Not just in electronic fashion .
, we should be looking towards trends in both clothing and interior design .
Any trends that are going on in , in the public , even media ,

This would actually show the circuit diagram .
I it just shows what energy source .
who's famous , what T_V_ shows are being watched ,
Complicated jus complicating things even fo .
And if we'd want to go with like T_V_ show themes .
, , we could gain out of that by advertising certain T_V_ shows , or

And I hope you had a productive last thirty minutes .
So , the benefits of this for our product would be that when it came to the end of its product life , if it was heated , everything would spring apart .
it's the product's responsibility to get rid of what they've made .
But it would be our responsibility to get that done and to dispose of the products that we made .
So we believe in providing international market with fashionable products .
So if we're , if we're aiming to make this an international university , universally accepted product

, from previous researches I've carried out on other projects , we've learnt about smart materials where specific alloys of metals have a shape memory .
So they can be heated and and cooled , and they change the shape of the metal .
This , , self-destructible metal , it allows for recycling materials ?
Because of this , their properties are smart material .

welcome back fro to the second meeting .
and Being hooked up to the PowerPoint for this meeting isn't very necessary for myself ,
because it'll be more about , what you guys are bringing to the meeting today .
, on a functional side of things , we found out that wh from our previous meeting , we decided that there're certain points that will make our product unique .
, another thing we d missed out on the last meeting was the fact that we should consider the environmental impact of our design .
, if you all remember from the email we got before our very first kick-off meeting , with the coffee machine ?
It's probably R_ R_R_ in yellow .
I missed the last moment , reading that .
Like it could be blue or green or yellow ,
, the environmental factor , we didn't bring that up again .

which we are all familiar with when we're using a mobile phone , fam familiar .
Or vibrate just the same as a mobile phone .
Like you can have changeable mobile covers .

One thing we have to consider is our one hundred percent turnover goal that we have for our financial sector .
We'll still have to investigate the financial implications .
, we'll have to see if that can meet our financial goals as .
Because we need to investigate the financial implications .

And also y , Heather you mentioned before , like how it should be accessible to everybody .
, it , you , you mentioned face plates .
So if there's something that diff , like five different face plates .

So , , a screw that's holding something together could expand and it would force all the components apart .
So , all the individual components could be easily separated , and then some could be reused , some could be recycled ,
apart from the , the bits that hold it all together would be made out of this shape-memory alloy .
, and then the company could then just use , make use of this shape-memory alloys to split up the components ,
Something like the case , if it's scratched , you would want to reuse it , but you might be able to melt it down and reuse it again somewhere else .
the fact of the shape-memory alloys is that they , they don't need to be manually de deconstructed .
Like , you don't have to individually unscrew all the screws .

, so , the older generations we should be catering to a bit more .
or like we've just limited t with the , just ordinary phosphorescent so
Like a Bart Simpson faceplate .

