The the main idea of the whole thing is just so you sh you just press buttons and it should activate things on the T_V_
Now what I was thinking about that was sometimes when y when you have these things , they've got little lights on behind the buttons , so you can see what all the buttons are ,
like we are keeping the standard buttons on the top and the more complex buttons under this thing , so we can divide the circuit like .
rest other buttons , they are in a very disorganized
So the findings are too many cluttered buttons .
Repetition of certain but buttons which I already explained ,
and second thing is cer certain standard buttons we should have ,
that it sits in , then pressing the button then having

which has these contacts that are really close together and then when you press down on the rubber button , it'll connect the circuit
the second option th they offer rubber buttons ,
w or we could have rubber buttons which are made of this material which is anti-R_S_I_ .

Right this is our conceptual design meeting ,
we've decided on there being a flip design
this is all about the design of the actual components
So that affects the exterior design .
quite there's quite a few design restrictions that they've got on the shape of the case .
but it should be left for aircraft design rather than for
So you generally see rectangular shape , very monotonous designs here .
For the body design plastic ,
that if in a year's time we get feedback from the design fairs that show something else is coming it's so easy for us to just produce that and it can be slipped on ,
it should be moulded it with the design in such a way you can change it every time .

and it's used for all T_V_ remotes at the moment .
like on a mobile phone , they do it more often than on a T_V_ remote ,
So it could be like , where is the remote , and the remote answers I am here .
So do you reckon that's a good idea that , where's the remote , I'm here thing ?

we had a couple of changes in our plans in that we couldn't use teletext , it wasn't gonna be a control for everything
and we were gonna think about the port and an alarm for getting it lost ,
we decided on the most important aspect i required in a remote control device
They also want a remote control to be technologically innovative ,
So should we be thinking of using something like that in our remote control design too ?
which is what's used in every remote control it sends out standard signals , based on your input
So you wind up your remote control before you use it .
the eternal battle for control of the controls .
because i this is the most consistent thing in all remote controls .
because that we are not for how to look it remote control if it's lost .

does it come in varying sizes or is it just one size and we would have to fit the design of
that it's simply spaced like that so you can have fit the n the size of the nine buttons in .
it applies to both our designers here , so I'm not how it would fit in .
this image I've got in my head of something shaped like that , maybe about that size , made of plastic , fits into the palm of the hand , rubberised cover that's spongy .

I was just wondering if we make the basic mould out of plastic but have like a rubber cover that goes over ,
So instead of the fascia that comes off being plastic , the fascia that comes off would be the rubber ,
it would be good to have a contrast between , if the whole thing is gonna be this rubber thing it would be good to open it up and see something quite fancy looking inside .
On the bottom we were gonna have the rubber , the rubber ones ,
so we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell , a variety of designs ,
j with these rubber these rubberised ca
not the actual plastic outside case , just the rubber thing that goes round the outside .

I'm pretty that solar is from the sun .
that it charges through the day and then you've got it charged for the evening .
referring back to solar charging , is that compatible with standard batteries ?
, could people put standard batteries in but with a s they could leave it in the sunlight for solar charging
I'd presume then it would actually be the solar charging ones ,
if you had something du using the standard batteries and the solar charging ,

The the kinetic charging which is like you get it in r you get it in wrist watches
it's a smaller cell which it charges into and the si the size a watch battery ,
the kinetic ones come with a w watch a battery that goes in a watch .
for the decisions that we've made , kinetic charging , the watch-type batteries ,

but that an L_C_D_ type of screen
on the L_C_D_ screen you could becau you could fit it
You could have a flat screen inside , ,
but I'm just wondering whether we want an L_C_D_ screen inside .
if you just put the full charge through an L_C_D_ display it'll completely blank it out ,
if you have like buttons that appear on the screen in this L_C_D_ screen .
, on we've got the flip-screen , the top one is gonna be the L_C_D_ and the bottom one is gonna be the rubberised buttons .

people who live in basement flats there's not that many people , but there are people .
Now how would you distinguish , if you had it bare , how would you distinguish where you had to press ,
Is it possible , just as an option , when we open it up , people can use their fingers to press the button , or we have inside like a small pointer thing when people want to .

Does does light charge as sunlight does ?
, I don't think it counts electric lights
if we decided to go for buttons that could light up .

I found th that only common feature is the ch channel control and volume control ,
And on the top m repetitive buttons which are like volume or channel changing and all could be on the pointing device ,
So he need not use a pointer to keep changing the channel if a person is frequent surfer .
so f on the s simpler board , on the top we have this button , rubber buttons , to keep frequently changing the channels .
example the volume and channel control buttons .
Or maybe like William was suggesting in the last thing some devices you put on key chains .

most people have the light on in the room anyway so they could get when you got T_V_ .
and most people also watch T_V_ in the night anyway .
you were sitting watching T_V_ are you gonna want to open it and say shit I should go and have a shower and do my hair before I put the T_

when we threw it open to the field .
in the actual flip bit you'd have some linking .
Is it possible that when we open our flip-top shell it's a little compact mirror and when you press a button it then goes onto the phone display th the remote control display thing .
No you'd hold it you don't if you flip it open then you'd be
if we just use the shell as an example again , you open that , you've got your L_C_D_ display there and you've got the buttons there so you're holding it in the palm of your hand , .
L_C_D_ display on th the top side of the flip top , rubberised buttons on the bottom side ,

we found from our consultants in Paris and Milan who des attended all the design and fashion fairs there , that fruit and vegetables are going to be the theme for clothes , shoes and furniture .
we're not gonna try and make it actually a vegetable or fruit design or anything else , like a shell that we discussed ,

and our market was going to be young , business , range .
and so this feedback from the marketing department is really about trend watching .
the methods we used to decide on current trends and so on , market trends , were that we did our traditional our usual market research study with a hundred subjects
both from our market research departments and from our people in Paris and Milan .
different parts of the world too , if we're marketing internationally .
Shouldn't we do some market research on that first before we add it in
It's not something that's come up in any of our focus groups and market research ,
as already marketing department , they want something to do with fruit
which was the major thing that people wanted , market research ,

Welcome back everybody , hope you've had fun .
just going back to the interface designs with the buttons ,
we are going to have m maybe a G_ G_U_I_ interface in the f in the middle of the flip-top

I kno we were planning to do some touch screen .
and so just by touching it with your finger it'd make the connection
two they you can have them in a array and you can arrange the buttons on the screen in a set thing and you could have them like a touch
but there'd be touch buttons ,
and he might spoil the touch-pad very fast compared to a button like , if you keep punching with an pointer or whatever .
which is what we d do in computer , have icons or touch pad or whatever ,
So not point or click Press any particular device , he just has to click on that particular icon to simplify .

so the general findings from that was in the market trends the most important aspect for remote controls were people want a fancy look and feel , rather than the current functional look and feel of remote controls .
Now I should point out that the first of those findings , fancy look and feel , is the most important ,
is twice as important as the second , technologically innovative ,
There also seems to be a trend towards a spongy feel to materials ,
you're saying that people like this spongy feel this year ,
I'll just raise another point while it occurs to me ,
Is that really going to fit fancy look and feel
like you get clocks now that are more of a talking point than an actual clock because they're so interesting and

most current remotes use this silicone P_C_B_ board which pr printed circuit board ,
because you can print circuit board like that
you could have just a bare P_C_B_ circuit board
with the L_C_D_ , you'd only have that with the printed circuit board .
regarding the circuit , since we are hav having a flip-top , we can customise the two circuits for different type of buttons
you'd actually have two separate you'd have two separate circuit boards but they'd be joined by wires or like some cabling between them ,

So in this case if you're looking at like a customer can change the colour like from green , parrot green to chilli red like that .
but we can take inspiration from fruit colours , like the vibrant colours , red chilli
although it's rubberised and spongy , apart from that we're just going to go for vegetable and fruit colours ,
we're gonna use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover , the case itself is plastic .

and then we're loo looking into battery options .
what are the life of the kinetic battery ,
Ye I th g y you could have a dual power thing
I presume the normal batteries are the cheapest ?
the normal batteries would be the cheapest
they've got dual things , but they're the batteries are smaller .
so to conserve battery life the remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used .

This is the chip called the T_A_ double one eight three five
I saw the the standard double A_ and triple A_
so maybe a standard triple A_ might take lesser space or
it would d how long the standard double A_s would last in or triple A_s would last .
did we decide on double A_ or triple A_ batteries ?
one of the decisions we had to make was whether we had double A_ or triple A_ batteries

we have decided on a leaving out the voice recognition ,
we had a latest finding of voice recognition ,
so we could incorporate voice recognition for the finding it .
So we can if financially voice recognition is not feasible we could go for a whistle .
have we just rejected that in favour of voice recognition then ?

because we don't want customers to be like charging like a mobile phone every day .
and second question is like , a mobile you can change the cover ,
It does mark quite easily too if you let it fall .
I've got a mobile phone myself which is titanium and it does mark very easily if you drop it .
that's been really popular with mobile phones so I don't see why not .
it's with us using the ideas for a mobile ph
it's with us using the ideas for mobile phones I kinda got sidetracked onto that , .
if you're thinking about holding it you would be using your thumbs to press , just like a mobile phone .

but the thing with the solar cells is you would need to put them on the case
, the case material , I've a been sent what the factory can actually give us ,
which we were gonna go for anyway as the main case housing
and , I'm trying to imagine clean looking houses ,
may maybe ch you can change the body or the case casing the case outside ,
I took it from the feedback you gave in the last meeting from y your report , it's not just a case of having a little R_R_ hidden somewhere , they do want it to be obvious that it's our product
, you associate the name with the individual product that it is

on a calculator they're qui they're quite big and they all look i identical .
the size you'd need to charge a remote wouldn't be that big
one they're incredibly thin and don't take up much space ,

that they've put across are what is used in some stress ball manufacture
Very cheap way of changing the look of it and people can just buy a new one if they want to .
They're easy to replace as , cheap .
and also if they've got it if they've got these parts already in stock , then it won't be cheap to re-manufacture them ,
but we've used cheap relatively cheap and simple things .
the rubberised covers are going to be s relatively cheap to produce ,

the amount of probably moving around you'd be doing all the time would charge it up ,
But then if you think about a watch , it's on your wrist so it's on your whole bod it's on your body the whole time
because if you think about it , the watch , although it's only a tiny amount it's it's always moving for the whole day
And th for the same reason , you're only using it for a v incredibly short amount of time just to send the signal and then you're finished with it
I'm no I'm not how that would work because surely your fingers would still be moving over the short distances
Can we swap that round so th that the ones that we use all the time are on the bottom part ?

I'm slightly tongue-tied after lunch ,
Solar would be slightly expensives .
Titanium very expensive just to process ,
it was just it would be so expensive to buy a new case for it , because of the expense of how much titanium is

It would just detract from the attractiveness of the whole feature ,
, can we add in an attachment to closing feature ?
trying to think of other features we can build in that wouldn't cost too much
there was a mail which mentions that our division has developed a new speech recognition s feature .
like we had g s response from the customers that they would like to have the feature of finding it .
So keep that m that standardised because that's the most common feature across all models ,

It wouldn't be like full colour , it would just be black and white ,
and like marketing team said , people need trendy , they are bored of black and white .
to s th it's not as expensive as it would be if it was full colour if we've just got a black and white one ,
Maybe we could start with the black and white .
, we could make it black and white zebra stripes ,
you could have a plain black one , you could have sparkly pink glittery ones for your little

and it is small and it is portable and it is a different shape
If you go for titanium they can only do a standard box shape ,
whereas if you come to plastic they can be a little more they can do curved shapes .
the problem with it is that it's flat and so you can't do lots of curve curved things with it ,
the picture here shows one of the standard models offered by competitors here .

can you pick it up and then wind it for two minutes and then that's it for the night ? Or
you switch the T_V_ on , then you put it on the side , then you pick it up to change it and then you put it on the side .
and they don't run out over night when you leave them on the side .
it says , closing we have forty minutes
It's either that or we only had forty minutes to discuss what we just discussed

and that we had to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow .
we just took the input from the previous meeting , especially from the marketing and industrial design , to check on the customer needs and feasibility .
We have to check into the for financial f feasibility whether we can incorporate it this at a low cost ,
So we can check into the financial feasibility of incorporating this .
the only pitfall that we would have would be how much it's going to cost if that means we have to cut down somewhere else ,
And incorporating the company logo ?

which is in turn twice as important as being easy to use .
and after like five or ten seconds of not being used I'd have that turned off ,
now how you've got some mirrors in nightclubs that are mirrors when you turn to them and you turn away and it gives like an advertising display ,
And they respond to the turn of your body .
And finally the body should be retouchable ,
but if it turns out that it's hugely expensive we'd have to cut down somewhere else , then it's worth thinking about .

like those pens that you get with the grip , that you can pull that off .
Some thing or it gives a b bleep sound or some sound
and rubber as a padding or for the grip , something like to add to the design .

and we discussed last meeting that it should be easy to find .
I know at the last meeting we spoke about a beeper ,
I got a end meeting now message on my mo

a person who switches channels very often or does use a particular function very often will find it very irritating to use a
, that means that there's no function for li the port ,

let's start from the inside and work our way out .
and the availability of the components we have in stock at the moment .
you actually need a physical handle to wind up .
I don't think you'd ever need to actually physically start shaking it up to make it work .
The inside components is pretty standardised across the board isn't it ?
we are pretty going in a clear direction now .

Also with our company being forerunners in putting fashion into technology , we also looked at a fashion update using our consultants on fashion and design in Paris and Milan .
is still important , but it's third in order of preference for the subject group we looked at .
now the fashion update which relates to very personal preferences among our subject group ,
especially if you do them on too tight and you can't get the leverage on them to undo them .

This is where we talk about properties , materials , user-interface and trend-watching .
also in this study I've looked into the availability of some of the materials ,
and g graphic user interface
icons y you have is a good example of G_U_I_ graphic user interface .
most of the users would now be acquainted with this cer central pattern , here ,
Acupressure , you could talk of acupressures .

and each switch is connected to two different legs on the chip and so sends a different message
and that then gets translated by the chip into a code
If you if you see how thin the tracks are , you could s you could put them virtually right next to each other and have a much smaller switch on each one ,

but if you wore it if it's something you could just clip on your pocket then you would have that less , you wouldn't lose it so much .
and then it's fired out of this L_E_D_ in the sequence of l on and off bursts .
And ones tha ones that have rubbery spikes

