, we're desi we're designing and marketing a television remote control unit .
If if remote control , if telephones can be fashionable , then maybe remote control units can be .
if it's twelve fifty per unit .
I don't think there's any point in making a remote control unit that's gonna last for fifty years ,

then on the remote control itself will have the sender for the signal ,
as far as the infra-red signal , do we have control over , , how far away you can be from the receiving unit , the T_V_ , and still have it be operational ?

, we all know that it's a remote control that we're gonna be dealing with .
And the chip will be controlled by the user interface .
so things that seem like absolute must-haves would be a volume control ,
, for our marketing report we observed remote control users in a usability lab ,
current remote controls do not match with the operating behaviour of the user .

people want a remote that's familiar , that has their favourite functionalities and does the basics , but
so we can improve what's out there and maintain that , the basic functionality that people want .
we've decided that it's gonna be , , we're going for a basic television remote .

this is age , , age groups .
People people from the age of thirty f there's a big drop off there .
For people up to the age of thirty five , you're kinda saying , , they want it .
most people that have the money are people from the age of thirty five to fifty five ,

So seventy five per cent of users find the remote control ugly .
per cent of the users say that they only use ten per cent of the buttons on a remote ,
seventy five per cent of users say they zap .
So fifteen to twenty five said like ninety two ninety one per cent of them said yes .

So the working design , I've got a very quick presentation on this ,
it's worked for the last fifty years .
I've never seen that with in all my years in the remote business .
they're the ones that have been working for twenty years .

, and , as far as methods , I was looking at already existing remotes , trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there .
because we need to find out what people want before we make firm decisions on this .
total number of people tested were a hundred just so ,
so that hundred people were tested and these were the findings .
have a look if there's any w any medical background we can find out about this .

the twenty five to thirty five year old , and thirty five , and the thirty five to forty five , forty five point seven per cent say no , so
so , it's not even like fifty that's th thirty five per cent .

So I'm doing the user interface design .
and what I didn't mention yet really is the like the ergonomic design .
so that's something we should have a look into then i when desi when designing the ergonomics of
Now going back to the industrial design of it ,

'S just a bit nicer calling people by their names .
it doesn't like match how people behave .
I was thinking something easy to use , especially for older people .
has to look really , flashy groovy for people to buy it .

, but if like you're on the phone in the other room and you need turn television off and you don't really want to go into the put the telephone down , and go into the other room .
either you if you wanna watch the telly you're in the room ,
and they also remotes often get lost in the room , so nobody can find them .

even if it's a physical , , a f a like a f a physical switch or a physical cover for the remote , even something like that , then yes ,

If you haven't had time to prepare one , you can draw on the noteboard ,
takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote .
because technology will have changed and , , we won't have televisions in ten years' time .

And so in the research that I was doing there's two types of remotes ,
This w research that you've been doing looki looking at other , , existing units .
This is slog but this is the slogan , this is the type .

eighty f eighty per cent of them would spend more money if the rem remote control looked really and fancy .
but the younger generation who we are catering for , like who have most of the money nowadays , do want a voice act speech recognition in a remote .
but do the younger generation have the money ?

ones that are engineering centred and ones that are more user centred ,
So , the engineering centred ones provide a lot of functionality ,
so the user centred ones just focus on ease of use .

people have gotta look at this remote control and instantly recognise that it's a Real Reaction i product .
but you have to look at the product and instantly know that it's one of our products
as opposed to a Sony product or a , , a Panasonic product .
so maybe , so you can have a look at our other products and see if they all follow a s similar vein , perhaps .

I've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred , something we should take into account is we've gotta keep the corporate image within this remote control unit .
It's gotta d look like it's in the R_ and R_ .
And our motto is we put the fashion in electronics .
So it's kinda gotta look it's gotta look new and s something fashionable .
, see we've gotta keep the company image .

, the company it's , from what see from our other products , are yellow with blue writing on them . .
So are we headed towards like a b a big yellow and black remote as far as
Is it yellow and black or is it yellow and blue ?
it was blue writing on a yellow background ,
, it's like white on i white and blue on a black background with white with yellow borders .
Right . have to there's a few little bits and pieces I have to write down , but

one thing that I didn't include here , that I forgot that we talked about last time , was doing some lock function .
have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or

rep repetitive strain injury
, repetitive strains injury ,
we just want need to cover our arses so that people aren't gonna sue us in ten years' time , say your remote control gave me repetitive strain injury .

also with with buttons , a thing called R_S_I_ ,
Maybe it could be , instead of pressing button it could be just touching a
There's loads of companies that called R_R_ .

It's never gonna be more than it's never gonna be , you kno unless you've got a T_V_ the size of a football pitch , it's not doesn't have to go that far ,
people who watch T_V_ maybe too often , keep changing channel hurts their wrist .

another exists like you said in mobile phones .
I know my grandmother doesn't like mobile phones ,

But if it's a R_R_ , it would be Real Reaction ,
Not one colour , but the pattern needs to be recognisable .
But it could come in different colours and have the R_R_ colours just somewhere
like just around the lock button could be the R_R_ logo or colours and

And the sender will send to the telly itself an infra-red signal to tell it to switch on or switch channels .
, maybe we want one with a strong signal stream .
, we can make the signal strong enough to go through walls if you fancy it .

and also we asked them whether they wanted whether they'd be interested in voice activating .
so the majority except for the forty five to fifty five year olds for some reason didn't want a voice activated one .

that's k flicking quickly between channels .
you wanna navigate the channels quickly I .

I can't re I've really crap at remembering everyone's name
when you haven't been getting hit with spam on your computers and , , filling out silly questionnaires and things .
We're not w designing something that you can plug in a headset to and connect to your laptop computer and .
there's mice for your computers that are very ergonomic
have any of you lot been getting loads of crap spam on your computers ?

channel keys up-down ,
but then also a numerical key pad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want , rather than doing up-down ,

No like cha always changing batteries can get like annoying .
swi I th changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain , but
mean we can look into using the s , , the little tiny weeny batteries , all like special long-lasting batteries . .

and we also gave participants questionnaires to fill out .
So Project Manager , it's participant one at A_M_I_ .
it's just par participant one , participant two .

we should probably consult with our legal department .
we can do some really in that department , the ergonomic department , we can make some really good improvements .

so wanna rather than going Miss Marketing and Miss this and Miss that wanted to know your names again .
I prefer the pe I prefer the human touch personally .
and this overlaps with what the marketing person , Reissa ,
Reissa . Let's plug you in , baby .

This meeting it's not very long . It's probably down to about thirty five minutes now .
judging from what we all talked about during our last meeting I gathered that's what we were going after ,
They're having a lunch break at the moment , but .
Are we are we finished ahead of schedule ?
If we've if we've finished at five minutes before the meeting's supposed to finish , then that means we get an extra five minutes for lunch .

and I'm gonna be making notes and sending them off to the powers that be and .
, alternate energy source , like win wind power or
energy source , that would be batteries .

I would say scra I'd say scrap that straight off .

What about just from the prospective of our manufacturing cost ?
Take your headsets off , kick back , smoke 'em if you got 'em .

So maybe tracking devices is a good idea .

C_A_T_H_ E_R_ I_N_E_ .
it's like , , like s you said earlier on ab a flip thing , something like that ,

if you haven't done a PowerPoint thingy , it doesn't matter ,

what do you guys have a yea or nay on that a feeling about whether that's really necessary ?
, in the project announcement , you've got the addresses , .
Can you all d e-mail me your e-mail addresses ?

Gab Gabriel let's let's hear from you on such things .
which I if access the web page from here ,
but it also lets you play your movie , stop your movie , fast-forward , all this , freeze frame .

Double S_ A_ ,

