And we have some L_C_D_ controls . Like , m switching the L_C_D_ display if you want to use L_C_D_ , or you don't want you can just use normal button .

And so , we have buttons and using L_C_D_ , or like you can use this jog wheel and select which ever option on the L_C_D_ , and then do on and off .
, and you can do on L_C_D_ using these going to scrolling all the option .

that's for that this one are b d two dir directional button .
buttons are the standard buttons .

Or , you can just give some nickname to your remote control , like Bobby .
And then we are just going to have an average , which will give us the value of our remote control .
, so the question is does it have the minimum requirement of re remote control ?
, so you feel like it's something a protection for the remote control .
we have other remote controls to create .

And you can choose colours on your day for each day , or even many colours .
Even you can configure your colours for its the depending on your mood , or s
so colour , it seems that we have the several colours for the L_C_D_ .
So , maybe think we can have rubber or some sponges , for strawberries and different colours .
Not special colours an interest in ?

It's a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the L_C_D_ screen .

So , you can press these buttons to increase or decrease the volume .
With two buttons , you do this like volume up , volume down .

Maybe the jog wheel can be like hand

it's the most of the moder the m the modern material we can p select . And it's practical . And it's still say it's for our needs ,
You select twenty , you select five .
see in L_C_D_ , like you will have blocks and you select which one .

And making some analysis of different fruits , we choose the ultimate form , ultimate colours , and ultimate smell of it .
Even we can provide many different colours or different fruits , and

I this is volume control and channel changes .
So but , , because the L_C_D_ is not touch control , touch screen , you cannot go to channel twenty five directly .
Or if you go to the site , it's channel up channel down .

, is it a scroll wheel and pe push button , th this centre one ?
, you go on the location with your scroll wheel

The basic mode is you got just two buttons and a jog dial .

As , before going and creating and producing these strawberry remote control , it's very important to first verify if it makes sense , if we have a chance to sell it .

Fruit smelling spongy titanium .

So , it's something like hand dynamo robot . A real high-tech version of it .
So , but if we select the hand dynamo it's ,
, we can put a hand dynamo and a battery if you want .

as you may know there's some research done in the field of producing energy from mechanical eng ,
, producing electricity from mechanical energy .
So , that when you take device and push the button , you produce enough energy

It's the detail design meeting ,
let's see if th it's meet the evaluation criterium .
Let's see if this , if you meet the evaluation criterion .

Bob . Hey Bob .
Hey , you're theme today .
, Bob , . Tuesday colour .

Material , we want to stick to titanium .
without titanium alloy , it's going to be light .
They're working on pink titanium .

But , it's not very clear what is the colour of the sh the case .
The case is silver titanium , no ?

and you can feel simple designs .
Then it automatically we can just do like you feel , it goes . And it will activate

y , it's this fruit and vegetable year .
We're just giving the fruit for more fanciness and more attraction , too .

and , , we now need altogether to try to evaluate it to see if it makes sense to do it , if it fulfils our what we want to do , and things like that .
One meaning that , ye yes it fulfils the criterion , whatever it is .
So now , it has to fulfil the financial criterium ?

And then we have the t sample speaker sensor for speech recognition .
, we got new idea , speech recognition , location finding . New materials , new s this fancy strawberry design .

Here you have microphone , and then it date records your voice , and then it try to recognise .
And we want to do the location using speech recogniser .

we only address two main functions here
Advanced chip on print , right ?
my address chip on print .

I rem just have to remind you that usefulness is much less important than fanciness .
Not to waste time , that's important .

and at the end we will evaluate ourself as a team .
Which imply good team performance .

So , as we discussed , we have to switch on switch off whenever we want .

after this meeting we'll propose a party for our success for
W Who is the five fifty millions we first make a party in ?

So first , I present as we came to this perfect model ,
So , we want to have simple and perfect shapes , like I shown in these phones .

then Sammy will propose some crite cr criteria to evaluate this prototype .
So , we see , we can even forecast . they propose us like celebration , everything ,

So , first Mark and Rama are going to present the prototype .

Everyone is f really really glad to obtain an s such a r such a device .

Is it the effective size and weight that the
Is it real size , real weight ?

it covers all the end goals .

they may have some their origins , strange origins

Safe asse safe assessment .

Now it's technical specification by our colleague .

If you can see this , and the stars are showing that . And , s society will accept that . For .

Whiteboard , digital pens .

I wonder if we put A_ or B_ somewhere instead of a number .

and it's completely completely secure to leave it with children and that .

A good leader , , a good leader is somewhere in the shade and

