But , this is like a remote control for children .
The remote control is beautiful .
, the remote control looks fancy .
The remote control is easy to be found .
If you put your normal remote control under your bed , or you throw this remote control under your bed , is it better findable ?
My remote control's black .
If your fifteen remotes in a drawer , you find it , ?
, mostly when you lose your remote control , it's under your
The remote control is made of soft material .
The remote control is innovative .
The remote control has m remova removable from Multilux .
The remote control , i it has speech recognition .
The remote control has built-in games ?
, now you can shake your remote control .
You have standard old battery control remote con
Whoever makes a remote control out of titanium .

, w according to the other remote controls , there may be there in your T_V_ room , this one will stand out , .
We also have to compare it to the to the remote controls on the market nowadays . So
R if you promote a kinetic I kinetic remote control , , that would b sell better than an a normal remote control .
No , , y , y you can go into your neighbour and tell him , ha , my k remote control is kinetic .

but when the o older people go in the shop and they see an orange remote control , it would be less appealing than a white one .
Like , w we don't have to buy parental control .

The idea is great , but it doesn't work properly .
New ideas about the working of this software , about the project , about the remote controls or
But the new ideas found for wi with working with this software ?

During the design design life-cycle we
The remote control is designed for people with age below forty .
, it's not just designed for people under the age of forty . It's also designed for people above forty .
the qu question is aimed at is it designed for people with age below forty .
But it's also designed for people of age above forty . So ,
Jeroen and I , we had a more design we could have more we had more room for creativity than you two .

, except for the buttons it's it could be a standard model .
The remote control has big , clear channel switching buttons .
, teletext buttons and volume buttons ?
Otherwise , the people who read this are gonna think we have no teletext button .
, but the teletext button . , you can ch That's in a menu .
Jus just with ten buttons , that's the easiest .
It is r it is rather easy to use , because you have the primary buttons always visible .
, the decision to make the buttons on the top , and the menu on the

And and for colours , we figured starting with basic colours like white or metallic grey .
, we had decided to put some flashy fruity colours in it ,
a wood style , a white c and a couple of h hip fruity colours .
, it has these all these fruity colours and it has a strange shape .
the remote control has fresh , fruity colours .
we decided not to make two f fresh colours , as it would not .
Special is the special colour ?
, if you're honest , we'll type one , special colour .

But , it's standard they will be delivered with this set-up .
So it will be a better idea to have some flashy fruity colours as a standard ,
And lea l delivered standard with a fruity colour , but not too much .
But , the mai th the standard must be some attractive flashy colours .

, , maybe you can add it later that we decided in the end because of the cost .

function f , functionality and our fancy look , so .
And the last , paren parental advisory function .
, there's an a athe aesthetic value , but not functionality .
and maybe some functions for circle or a square .
about the three functions where which are most used and which must immediately be visible on our remote control .
And the added functions like Tetris snake ,
the added functions . , was it included in the cost ?

Of c you have to be very positive and enthusiastic about your own product .
We also have to do the evaluation , the production costs and .
, we have now to c to calculate the production cost .
, but it doesn't fit in our co cost profile . So

What do you think , Mister Project Manager ?
now it's about time to talk about this project .
, we work together on a project , but everybody has his own task .

But , idea is for to stay in balance with these two with these two .
So , maybe it's an idea to put that as an extra and not as a standard .
You ma can make an especialised extra gold version .
May maybe the idea you proposed is a screen here .
But then , the idea of one person entering it and the rest discussing it , that isn't that bad idea , actually .

We decided to use a single touch-screen .
, , and as you saw , we would just have the basic remote with the panel L_C_D_ screen .
als otherwise you'll just have the L_C_D_ screen .
Why we decided to use a flat L_C_D_ .

so the young people will buy an orange and a red and blue and a purple ,
And young people , we think , are a little bit more flexible ,
, but you d you mustn't forget that our target aim is younger people .
and in the survey from Milan and Paris it came out that the d the older people are more willing to to spend money on extra features .
and for the people who really want a more sophisticated , more traditional look , they're willing to pay that .
This is banana and mango , not purple or p orange and yellow .
if this lying on your couch , you're you're you think what's that for kinda orange thing .
, imagine you are here you're with the ten people and everyone
Y yikes . Seventy five pages .
, it must be simple to use , very clear what to do , and at the younger people .

Be it takes a lot of time to draw things and to write things ,
when we trying to draw these buttons , it's almost impossible to get clear when you're
when you use a pen , you can just draw like you d draw normally ,
And now you have to keep constantly in mind that you're drawing on this screen .

, and then we must see if we stay under the twelve and a half Euro .
maximum is om , one and a half centimetres .
they think , I'll buy for a couple of Euros some noi hip
If it's under twelve and half Euro , then it's .
, if the costs are under twelve and a half Euro , then we can ra move on to the project evaluation , as we have experienced it .
We have to fil , want to do it in and see if we stay under the twelve and a half Euro .
We're now in a problem , we have reached eleven Euro yet .
So , if we do this , we're on twelve and a half Euro .
, you make like eleven and a half Euros profit instead of twelve and a half .
But I if twelve and a half is a fixed fixed price .

So , it has to be a group group decision .
is a decision decision system
Just a little group decision application .

if you if you have thirty , forty minutes for this things ,
from the over here with the managements you get two minutes to make your case ,
, you ha you have ten minutes left , I read .

So we began working out a concept .
Digital pen , th the first time I did individual work , I used it .
I it's the same concept as the pen , where you f have to download the software or s very slow .

But the overlaying layer is a little bit curved and .
, other case , we can make it single-curved or uncurved .
No , it's just one curve and not a back curved . Or
If you make it double-curved , it costs one Euro more .
And if you make the single curve ha just a big curve ,
It is possible , but you can't use double curves for titanium .
, he here it is still double-curve , the rubber , the flashy , the fruity , the removable .

was there room for creativity in our meetings or in your individual meetings ?
the first meeting was a little bit of unstructured meeting .
and the last two meetings also we reached some good decisions about talk
, five minutes from to finish meeting .

, in combination with the finance I I received a an an Excel file
As as I said a m a c few moments ago , it I would like , myself , to write with a normal pen ,
, and tr try to wri write your name in a normal size , .
when you at a foreign audience , you b don't gonna wr write small .
People will still feel the need to write it quickly on a page and not download it and save it , and
But if you're in normal flip-over you a lot of people write text .
And writing text , , you've gotta really do your best to write some
Just t type text , and that would be excellent .
, just like he said with the a screen which you can write , also a voting mechanism .

So , there must be some cheap standard cover ,
But you can use rechargeable batteries anyway , just you s you have to recharge them manual .
the energy , which turn out to be batteries ,

We made a top , or a front view .
No , you have to put , switch channels at the top , because that's the most used function and teletext at the second

evaluation crit criteria .
And after that , an evaluation of the process how we how we have done it here with the SMARTboard , with the with our laptops , with the all all this .
we made lot of requirements and trend analysis and .
, now is the time to evaluate our prototype concept to to the past requirements .
So we are going to evaluate the design according to the past user requirements and trends analysis .
I follow the Master class for the SMARTboard ,

It would be best to appeal to a broad public and make the covers exchangeable ,
Maybe it's an idea to sell it without a cover , so that you can pick a cover in the shop .
, maybe we could develop a cover with wood style .
What do you think about putting a battery in it , but also selling like the covers , a docking station
no , but it's a development inside corporation .

But , before we going to celebrate , I have a little question which you can't answer ,
I am busy with the end report right now .
here is standing whoa , we can celebrate now , but the end report is
You have now ten minutes left to finish up the end report .
I'm going to finish my end report .

And , , we began with with a form of shape , that is is easy to hold w in one hand , left or right handed .
and the menu structure , if necessary , with your other hand ,
And it has to be acce accessible with your other hand too , .
But it will lie more in your hand like an old telephone maybe ,
, we added that this can be held with your hands for this
, if i if you see a strange shape lying somewhere , then you'd recognise it as , whoa , that is strange .

But is it s it's not made from a single uncurved thingy and then and then
, it's a big big eraser .

, what we figured is we'll show you a picture later on
it's the marketing angle on television .
Mobile phones nowadays .
But I figured that the kinetic would be a marketing promotion .
because if you want to go to kinetic , you're you're on thirteen and a half and you must go to flat ,

We we just want to build a more adult vers adult version of this .
it will be primary appealing to m minus forty , but also appealing to

the layer around it fits around the bubbles on the o on the the back of the
, j maybe we'll finish the list first and then look back , aye ?
so we have to bake the ba back flat , and then
Could we just make the bubbles cut off the back , and then we're has

This is for the added effect of y youth and dynamic .
, you can see there's a v a very youthful dynamic exterior .
you just want to hold it you you are young and dynamic like us .
Fo fo fo five is .
Worth , does it have added worth ?
Was initial , the plan . The initial plan .

, during the meeting I showed you the concept of placing the buttons on top , usable with your thumb ,
, it's almost the same concept , but you can just sim more simply put it on our scanner .
Here . Picture from scanner , clip-art .

and it has some ar artistic meaning .
Hey , that's actually a brilliant marketing stand .
Hey , those ar arcs , why are there for ?

Leads to user face , .
I'm the User Interface Expert .
But but the survey under users was that they really lost it .
Management Expert , you have to change that .

We have the more advanced menu setting right here .
But , maybe make it two , because the games are in a sub-menu and not it's not an entire game .
, simple chip on print ?
And that would solve the budget problem .
No advanced chip , that's a little bit of problem .
You'll rather use PowerPoint and work it out in advance .
you can select file and export and then those J_ PEG files .

The s panel we g you would hide with some more rubber layers ,
, you would s you wouldn't see the straight panel , but more fluidly and round .
S and you can just be the layer of the touchscreen and some have some wires underneath it to make it as thin as possible in the middle for good grip .
Wood is m is cheaper than rubber .
and I couldn't go on i on the internet and search my own . Bu

, but D but Daniel , tha that's another brand .
So that's wh tha that's one option .
, I th you two , especially you and Daniel , you d you both had the less creative roles in the project .

Nah , the leadership wasn't crappy , it was the leader that was crappy .
Stupid stupid pen , but
Nah . , we had some trouble with the pen , but

, we have to fill in the numbers of the component components .
n almo almost my entire computer is locked up during the process
maybe a l a little application like give your own number and click one two three four five six seven .
, j ju , v voting application .
but click it in an application , that's a lot easier to process .

, first we have a prototype presentation by G_ and G_ .
I would g give the word to G_ and G_ for the prototype presentation .
Opening a Word document now .
but it's its' it's r it is the main point of the look .
and it's wo more like presentation and some points were discussed .
And it is still your own handwriting popping up in Word .

With W_W_ dot Google dot com .
Re Real Reaction dot N_L_ .

Sample sensor sample speaker ?
the w Block letter sign it , ?

