And we're gonna make a decision on the remote control functions .
Maybe we should start with the technical functions .
, but it that's very important to watch what functions there we want to put in a remote control .
That means we can d , discuss on the remote control functions .
, d , but th the functions are not in the remote control we're making .
maybe there is something th m most of the time these functions don't support the particular device as as their own remote control .

there were hundred w h one hundred people , how do you say , f watched using remote controls in the usability lab
three out of four people claim m to find remote controls ugly .
And you can always find your remote control up

, the method of the remote control is electrical energy ,
it activates a chip in the remote .
a wide sale of remote controls in the world .
, the circuit board , it's the most important part of the remote control .
I haven't come to here , but I've got some images of remote controls .
It's it's really depending on how far the remote controls are already in n in use .
, ask whether common remote control looks good or not ,
it's becoming more clear what remote control it's gonna be ,
and I already talked about the maybe you have a f familiar with the rem remote control that has the can opener underneath it .
There are a dozen of dozens of remote controls that have
that's kin getting too complex for our remote .
or the like the can opener . Maybe it contains some feature that you don't normally link to a remote control .
it isn't a most costly remote control .
I know for that everybody who buys this remote control , within a couple of months of they will be in the situation that they're seeking for the remote control , they wanna see something quick and just push the button and th ,
, I I have to say , I have this can opening remote control in my head most of all ,
but I also meant the blinking li w , the ones that also blink when you try to locate your remote .

, we're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic T_V_ functions .
I i if it's too simple th they won't use the remote control , they use their own th with lot more functions .
And and it's just an a complimentary remote and not a universal one .
If you want to keep it simple , you can make a universal remote .
and it's just for when you jump on the couch , you pick up the remote , the simple one , just to put on the television , nothing more .
No , , but we don't have to , when we don't want to control other devices , it makes it even more simple .

about willingness to spend money on remote control ,
And elderly people , our market , are less interested in features , but more willingly to spend more money on remote controls .
We shouldn't implement too much features on on our remote control , because elderly people will get th lost .
So you talked about the elderly who were willing to spend more on a remote control and who were interested .
, or just different colours would be I if people also wanna spend more money on fronts for their remote control .
but when you can imagine that when you spend twenty five Euros on a remote control and it's a basic remote control , then the money there must be money to spend on that st , rechargeable units .

R regardless of what type of functions we want to implement . Doesn't really matter .
Do th should we implement features that or functions that to control other devices ?

Remote control is nothing special nowadays .
and don't make a lot of special put a lot of special features on it to make it transparent or
it's a very rare and special function .
or somethin special way to zap through the
it's very impor because we're gonna make such a basic remote control , we have to do something to make it special .
I've never seen that before , and you make it be , you see it with the mo the mouses nowadays .
And for twenty five Euros people want something remote c special from your mote control ,

Furthermore , fifty percent says they only use ten percent of the buttons on a remote control .
That doesn't say we got we can leave ninety percent off . But it says we shouldn't make it too complicated .
Fifty percent also claims to have lost a remote control very often in the room .
As I as I said during my presentation , fifty percent o
fifty percent often loses remote control .

If you grab the remote , your hands should be on top of the plus .
Maybe it should be a remote control when you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget thing .
I in the base we could like make a button , and if you push it , the remote control itself s makes noise .
Yes , volume and programme should be there I , because you hands wi y your hands will be in the smaller part .

They were not very trendy or just just a remote control like everyone knows .
, Joost was looking at the trendy the trends in the markets ,
and I if there are any if you put more functions , more buttons , maybe it's com becoming less trendy like that .
So if we make a trendy design , we have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market , which you can reach .
And a trendy look , , although seventy percent of the market is consists of elderly people who don't really care for trendy looks or whatever , I it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent .
, also for you maybe , when t you it's very when you can be entra when you can be trendy , and and al as in a friend use friendly as , .
, it looks trendy and still put a bleep function in it ,

and then we gonna discuss on what features we find important .
But you we can make some discuss distinctions in what kin in the , know , th in functions you have
So maybe that's i that's when when we decide on these type of functions , know , basic functions , it's very important to find something like this .

But , , they're not relevant because we are aiming at a younger
because the younger people are more able to adapt to new technology
people younger people are more looking for just a trendy look than more functions .
it's not a very common function and people will have to read up on their remote then .
Nah , a lot of people like to have such gay things .
y not s people , when they buy it , they have to think , this one lasts for a long time . We're really gonna use them .

. But it's the technical side of the remote control .
And you don't have to use the unit , you can also put it on the side if people don't like it .
And when it , , when time goes by and they think , , I'll never put him in the recharger , last long enough , then they put it on side and they can use it now and then .
, flash lights at the side . At the side , like that .

other functions , like audio settings , video settings , sound settings are not said to be very important and very much used .
, all the settings , about audio settings , video settings and channel settings , which are not very often used , we could group them on one button and make them accessible in one menu button or whatever ,
you can make very d you can put very detailed functions regarding the T_V_ set on your remote control with the with the , , audio settings and v screen settings .

, our current customers are within the age group of forty plus .
Our company already sells remote control to the older people , but we also want , , a new customer group .
no , but we have to just keep in mind what the older age group wants .
So maybe we can make a remote control that's primarily interesting for the younger group , but isn't that bad for an older person either .
, to be honest , if our aim group is till forty , not older than forty , maybe that's not very , we don't really need to have a simple remote control .

But just one big teletext button , on and off .
Should we do m make them very big ? The the zap button .
So big buttons , flashy design , and maybe some gadget thing .

because they want a simpler design , and no other s functions than just T_V_ , but they s do aim at a younger
we have to choose for the simple design , I .

It's an electrical circuit which compose messages in the form of infrared signals to control the television .
because of the all the televisions there are a few maybe a couple of televisions with the new functions ,
The remote control should only be used for television . Otherwise , the project becomes more complex , which endangers the time t ma the time to market .
on a remote control for television you don't need to be able to programme the V_C_R_ to start recording at three P_M_ or whatever ,
No , it's o just signals and the television d does the rest .
Ye the can opener i is a brilliant idea actually , because television and beer is not a rare combination .

So maybe we should leave all D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ related features off completely .
you have different equipment in your room , like a t T_V_ and a D_V_D_ player .
I know that the younger people will most likely have a D_V_D_ player they want to ,
, a lot of D_V_D_ players have some tricky settings with
so but from my experience it's kinda a lot of D_V_D_ players , , like forwarding , goes differently .
Maybe if we just leave the D_V_D_ functional m

on and off switch , which must be clear with a red button like that .
relevant options are , , power buttons . Although , only used once per hour .
, channel selection , volume and buttons for text ,
it there are a lot of options there , so we can really make , how do you say , we can spare at buttons over there .
And , if you want to implement V_C_R_ and D_V_D_ options , group them in the button ,
the plus and the minus button should be quite present ,
, but when you when it gets lost , how can you press the button to make it

And I'm gonna show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me .
th it's very much depending on the user requirements ,
y we can put functions in it when , when we get the user requirements and we can update it .
Alright , I've done some research for functional requirements .
, then we I'm gonna show you some of the new project requirements
, some of the new requirements make some of your findings quite irrelevant , .
Because s decided to put They have decide to put two additional requirements forward .
M , that's why a lot of the use the requirements the account manager sent me , they are c are contradicting each other ,
No , , th the user requirements of the The new project requirements told us not to
, I was thinking about putting it in , but concerning the project requirements and what you just said , we m should focus on the T_V_ then .

, maybe , you could when that's when it's too costly , you could probably skip the recharger ,
, but then it's very easy to make it also a rechargeab I don't think that is gonna cost much to make it also a recharge function in it .
And the first thing we the most likeable thing to n to skip is then probably the recharge function .

, due to some technical problems I haven't digitized the last the meeting minutes .
But you don't think it's a problem to design the technical part of the remote control ?
in a case of this simple remote control , the technical aspects which weren't worked out already , but it w shouldn't be a problem then .
We have lunch break , and then we have thirty minutes of individual work .
I had some problems with the digitising the first minutes ,
Can you make an a part of f folder for the minutes maybe ?

Group features for a higher usability ,

I got like this big black border on every side .
but this real this big d distinction between this type of remote .
Or maybe it w should have a big light that can flash on it ,
that'll be too big tha too big then .

, most standard have volume , , and a mute function , and , , the next and previous channel .
, also numbers , to to go to the specific channels .
if we have t stif specifically name all the functions we n we want .
Do you have you think about tha thought about that ? How we can what the extra touch can be .
Some of the extra functions over here . Numbers .

, they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet .
, that may be so , but , we can't just leave the teletext button off .
So the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button , , like on and off ,

w if you want try a huge market , if you want to reach a huge market , like elderly people and we have to choose for novice user .
, then the Marketing expert can tell us something about the current market .
the most important customers , which is over seventy percent of our market , is in the age range of thirty six to sixty five years old .
New products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty .
It's a very small market which we will approach then if we want to reach customers younger than forty .
It's only like thirty percent of the total market .
, but it is it's is a dif it's a fact that the th that bigger market you're talking about , we already cover that .
But how wi how will you be able to handle a whole market ?

It's gonna cost twenty five Euros .
If you do that , but I if that's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half Euros .
It should only cost twelve and a half Euros , . Aye ?
, but twelve and a half Euros ?

, we're going to talk about working design .
So , easy functions . , we will we will we'll work that out ,
as long as it stays as it ke keeps working , you're not very motivated to do something about it .
and when you go write a second it's get it's not working when you try to write second paper .

the batteries maybe . If you use large batteries or small batter batteries .
, I it's really ch you can recharge it , so you ha never have the battery problem . That's one .
But but remote controls nowadays can last two years , three years , with t two batteries .
, also you would need a battery in the base unit as , .
And and what people just think about , , I'll never have to buy any r batteries again , so y b because it's very annoying when your battery is empty .
And then when you haven't batteries around , and probably for two weeks , your remo I've experienced that
Most televisions break down before the battery pack is empty , so yes .
because I've bought the Alessi more often and even small pencil holders are more expensive .

But nothing restricted for user interface ?
, three out of four users zaps a lot , as I quoted here from the results .
The user interface is easy .

, diodes , bat batteries and LED lights , they're needed and they're everywhere available .
or probably some cheap light thing around it or that it that it lights up ,
Maybe lights also around the volume and the p the plus minus programme buttons .

Welcome at the functional design meeting , again presented by Maarten .
what I was claiming in the previous meeting .
we also meet the other thin y you sh you just re
With eye candy , ear candy , whatever . , definitely .

, the known technology can make a cost very low .
It's a common technology , like I told
, but then you don't have t it that's not something i that's in the production cost a one it's a one time , s was it's a single cost .

Zap buttons are used one hundred and sixty eight times per hour .
and it the buttons should make it possible to zap through your channels in a rapid at a rapid pace .
so maybe with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor .
zapping , numbers on it , bi

ten twenty minutes .
that's n that's more for a for an age range or ten to twelve or whatever .
y you could connect that to two hundred to twenty volts , .

can be made as fast as printing paper .
But just the basic functions . Maybe like rewind and wind ,
But you can put a play and stop and rewind .
just play , stop , rewind and fast forward .

and they're we have to focus on the one hand the expert view or the novice user .
we should not compromise but really choose for expert viewer or novice v

, we can use for that fibreglass with copper wires ,
If you have a a page which consists of more pages , and you are not a very quick reader ,
then it's very irritating if the next page shows up , but
, a couple of weeks ago I looked at the for the flights , and there are a lot of flights in one page , so if th
on the z on the zap buttons you can put it to access all the same pages .
lots of new televisions can store pages , , and then you can just skip manually through them using

It's just a s it should be something that is like a gadget on your coffee table ,
Do you suggest design or the shape or some gadget f feature or
And shou and should ni look when you put it on a table .
Has anyone got a little bit detailed ideas about the shape ?

it's you dumped the file in the in the sh in the project document folder .
, our corporate image sh should stay recognisable in our products .
Our product's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design .

And on th and then s a base unit underneath it . It's also round .
Maybe ro roun rounds
our next next individual round was half an hour .

The ones I've received from the account manager .
Puts fashion in electronics .

and they also filled out a questionnaire with a few questions .
, you get two speed or eight speed or sixteen speed .

