and it could affect a grow of in in buying the remote controls .
but a remote control can lie on a table for a day , and then you push a button and
, solar cells are also a bit weird for remote controls .
Also , the speaker in the remote control , when we want to retrieve it .
Could be something special to our remote control ,
a whole set of different remote controls .
, I was also looking for what you said , for I got an email about L_C_D_ in front of the remote control .
Maybe we can bring t teletext to the t to the remote control .
, I got an email with an a remote control with a base .
Those are probably the b four most used buttons on the th in the remote control .
So , remote controls in catchy colours .
the spongy material is very irritating for the remote control itself .
there's always empty space on a remote control .
And , maybe , , a b a banana is is n not easy for a remote control , but m .
Yes , but that remote controls are already on the market . The simple
, . And maybe very tiny on the remote control itself .
People don't wanna spend more money on their remote control , I .
when you throw with titanium with your remote control .

I really don't feel the whole idea of an L_C_D_ display .
I get the idea you really like it , , the L_C_D_ thing , but it's not a good idea , and we have already mentioned all the arguments .

, when we talk about components design , it's really about the material and the and really the we build the remote controls of .
, a remote control consist of components
and the components of a remote control consist of properties and material .
, the components of a remote control are the case .
all the materials and the components are just available in in our factory .
There there are three components three components type .

no , but we decided to use only b basic functions only .
, w when we only use basic functions , we have the possibility to make the buttons larger .
It puts an extra accent on the simplicity of our remotes to j to make these two most basic functions extra big , like t
and I also have to think about new functions , maybe buttons like that to control it .
Y yes , you can use buttons w that are already on the remote control for double functions .
but then it's very functional to indicate which what device you are controlling .
But it just it j it doesn't match with the our whole basic concept .

they're telling me that when we build a remote control of of plastic or rubber , the buttons have to be rubber too .
I when we use a rubbled a doubled curved case , we must use a rubber push-buttons to
the rubber double-curved case is a t three-dimensional curve in the design ,
You have the buttons , the case itself , and the rubber and th
maybe the case itself should be in one colour and then the rubber of the buttons , and the cushions as should be in another colour .

Dark colours , simple recognisable shapes .
It doesn't stroke with the dark colours .
, also a bit for elderly people who are a little bit crazy and want maybe want a little younger design but still the dark colour .
, I do like the f to the idea of making a y , a catchy colour design and a d because I do a dark colour would be too .
And that's why I like the dark t col dark colour bit , ,
so we have to do something with colour but also , we have to keep the dark colour thing in mind .

the properties of the case , it has to be solid in hard material like hard plastic
the buttons has to be solid too , and the material is soft rubber .
When we talk about the materials , it's a good idea to use these plastic materials with soft rubber on it .
The m material , it was a good idea to use the plastic and the rubber .
But wha th our basic idea y , you gonna we're probably gonna have like two type of materials , like the d b the plastic enclosure and then the pads that surround it .

When when you put maybe a colour L_C_D_ t screen on it , it's very special and very trendy to have a remote control from
, it's it's pretty trendy , to be honest ,
And especially colour L_C_D_ , which is pretty trendy . But I don't think , it will be too expensive .

a lot of T_V_s show when you zap to a
But you're already watching the T_V_ , you're not gonna watch your remote control .
but you gotta implement it in the T_V_s , and I don't think everyone's gonna buy a Real Reaction T_V_ within a month after the release of our remote control .
Yes , but a titanium remote control , when you're watching T_V_ or your hands are a little bit sweaty , and the

, another possibility . I , I looked up on was the L_C_D_ displays .
I really understand you want to make your job more exciting by putting an L_C_D_ in it ,
But I don't think a L_C_D_ display fits in that image .
Do th like the bigger rem universal remotes , they have d L_C_D_ displays ,
Yes , you can put a little L_C_D_ display on it with with lots of information .
, do you ha do you have to You haven't looked after the trendiness of L_C_D_ displays , have you ?
, did it say a price also for monogramme L_C_D_ or coloured L_C_D_ ?
and really , I don't see how the L_C_D_ display is gonna add anything , , on a design level .
, we s skip the L_C_D_ display .

To implement some spongy thing , maybe we can do it in the docking station .
At the bottom of the docking station or whatever .
If this is our docking station , we can make our logo over here .
It's too much maybe with the L_C_D_ and the docking station and
Yes , it was already made . Tha the remote control on the docking station .
, we're gonna develop our own r n docking station .
, another stuf some about the design of the docking station .

But , we have to There have to be the firm colours , our own colours has to be in it .
But I don't think our company colours are this fashionable .
, you can l let choose the customer which colour he wants , .
in a lot of other product categories like even in b in bags industry . , they began with t typical leather bags , but then they became stylish , with all si all colours ,
Like Eastpack began a revolution with it with all this bags and colours and
But , do w gonna are we going to give it a two-tone colour look , like the plastic mould is in one colour and the s the cushion pads around it are in another colour ?
colours is very important , because it has to be flashy , but and but it d it doesn't have to be annoying ,
Too much colour , i it when you got it in a living room , it's too much maybe

But you do mention the next and previous button .
, we already upon the fact that the skip buttons and the cha and the volume buttons , th those two have , they have to be large .
, th the two basic buttons , , the to skip channels and to
You can zap through them with the page up page down button .
it's simplicity , w you have two big buttons and you can do whatever you want with these two buttons , so you don't need an L_C_D_ .
Then we have the numbers . We have the power button . We have we have a teletext button .
And you al can also use the normal skip buttons for that .
Th in that way we have like only the numbers , the power button , skip and volume , and then ten rem

that plastic is the best with rubber , because wood or titanium would also be a bit weird .
But whe but when you put a transparent plastic screen on top of it , it i it isn't vulnerable .
But is it possible to use both the plastic and so soft things and t p titanium , as ?
, titanium nowadays is way more often used than plastic .
No , I do like the idea of maybe a t titanium kind type of body w and then with s plastic colouration around it .
But you can't make the plastic give the ti titanium look .

Yes , maybe we can bri bring a couple of couple of types of
because we have to we have to we have to bring the logo and all the back into it .
And , we could bring one line with a dark colour to p
But then we also w need to bring out a line of T_V_s

the most important thing is fancy look and feel of the remote control .
With a spongy Bob feel .
the spongy thing already comes forward in the in the cushions , pads and things on the s side .

, the themes of this year are surprisingly fruits and vegetables and spongy material .
I found this image , which is , it symbolises the idea of fruits and vegetables .
some symbols of fruits or vegetables maybe .
But how do we use fruits and vegetables in Christ's sake with remote control ?
But d don't we need a creative artist like that to m make it to feel like a vegetable or fruit ?
But pictures of fruit , vegetables
if it's fruit and vegetables , it have to be colourful .

I've got a email from the possibilities of Real Reaction .
the energy source , I've got a lot of possibilities for that too .
I th I got an email with some examples and it these were the most trendiest one .
But I've got a the email with with the possibilities . And L_C_D_ was a possibility for the remote control .
But , , I alf I also got a possibility to put a scroll button on it .
, think of the possibilities and make it in completely titanium .

and then you've got a flag s Very big R_C_ . .
And I thinked of the button sizes and I'm not if they have to be big or just small
For a big team of artists .
it's a bit nineties maybe , what we're up to rat fun to this point .
, but I really like the idea of the plastic and the big thing .
And when it's big and plastic , it's like some fun you can always have around .
It's always fun to have something big and plastic around .
But if you want to la , last longer than two weeks like that , you can maybe
Or you just make one colour , maybe with a z a like a big wave like
and when you have it on your table for more than two weeks , you it just gets annoying , because it's so big and flashy .

, the simple electronical chip is available with the LED transmitter transmitter .
it has to be a simple design , which sturdy , which soft
It doesn't fit in our philosophy behind the whole remote .
But the question is i then it's , , is it fits in our s philosophy to make it sturdy and simple and , know , like

, I've done some research again about trends on the internet .
And , , for the idea , I've put some trends for the market of elderly people .
The younger market likes
it reaches a different market , but it doesn't cost really much effort to b to bring like a black R_C_ on the market or whatever . Yes .
I in two thousand and four you can't put something on the market which is a monogramme .
, definitely . Just bring more designs on the market .

Welcome to the conceptual design meeting .
, it resembles the design I had in mind for this proj
the cartoonish Alessi design .
I d I ju I was just thinking about it . Then I got a pop-ups to go to the meeting . But
, you can you open the conceptual design presentation ?
Then we can always use the same design for a greater resemblance , but with new with new colours , new
But our des design experts will work that out .

, the base station is also off the shelf ,
It's it's just the base things we already discussed that the no V_C_R_ or that
, we already have the th base station gadgets ,
We can put the logo on our on our base station .

Fruit is yellow , green , red , whatever .
If you have black and white , or grey , that's
Can we combine it ? with yellow and black ?
No , I don't like the yellow and black combination .
, or when you use the buttons as black , it you can use two colours as

You do get the idea , ? The fruity round
and , the fruity thing is just the shape should be fru i did
this is fruity , . Just round shapes with
, it's kinda fruity , and with th with catchy colours w

which I thi prefer because of its its non non-depending of
The materials you mentioned in your personal preferences were all were quite .
because that's different material , and then you gotta have like two material lines of

No , but that our design already resembles so a piece of fruit .
, but it that doesn't have to remind you , , like explicitly of s our f of a specific piece of fruit , but just , , like the round curves .
And so y this y it already sem resembles something like a pear to me .
, it's it doesn't have to resemble what I already said , a specific piece of fruit , but just , , like a fruity thing going on .
On the other hand , if you want to make fruit fruity with

, it's to add a menu button for
A mute and a teletext and a menu .
, mute . A teletext and a menu , and then i that's it .

Next channel , previous channel .
Maybe maybe we can make a T_V_ guide on it , for the channel you're on .
No , no , only the T_V_ channel with the with with four programmes .

I if that's a good idea , or maybe it's a little bit too much for twelve and a half . Production .
It was our idea , , to give it a more sturdy look and that you ca like you can throw with it .
You can st throw it at your little brother's head .
But it then it you can't throw it . It will make a huge noise or break other
The funct , I was thinking about th the st do we still want a joystick idea .

Another function is we already discuss it on the side .
Because , maybe we can start with the technical functions ,
, but what , what are other tef technical things we have to discuss ?

with soft rubber for falling and , it feels good in your hand .
here you have to have a hand , kinetic energy .
That's true , that's true , it breaks f , it it's not very solid , it's frag fragile .
This is what it w , but it was already what we're we're after , , to give it , , the soft touch in your hands

But , from now on I won't use my pen anymore , so will be p just ordinary keyboard .
The second important thing is innovative technology in the R_C_ .
And the third point there in this order if of importance , the third point , is a high ease of use .
this part of the R_C_ the upper part or whatever is is not used with buttons , I .

I've done some investigation , and I got some information from fashion watchers from Paris and Milan .
, programme information or g or a guide
Because the T_V_ has to send information back to the R_C_ , and I if that's possible .
The title and the information about the programme .

but maybe it can be within the limits of twenty five Euros .
, I'm coming back to the costs again , but we gotta build a b pretty cheap design to stay within our limits .

the chip set and the board is all off the shelf .
No , most T_V_s have an a menu nowadays to access the screen settings . And so
But that covers all the other settings . It covers everything then .

, I still don't have any information about user requirements .
, but then wh I when there are new user requirements .
, tha I didn't receive any new requirements or somethi
, I'm not a e I'm the expert for user-friendly , but not for trendiness .
, if you save Perhaps s tiny buttons aren't user-friendly , then we wouldn't im implement that .

Like maybe radios and television also in this in the same style , but
Yellow , a Real Reaction .
It this a real young and dynamic styles .

Yes , but it has to show an entire title of a programme or at least a q a quite large part of it and then you get a very large L_C_D_ screen , because
But maybe in future it will be a giant hit , and when you are the first

I'll again be the secretary and make minutes , take minutes ,
, . , before we begin it , I want to say I've put the minutes of the second meeting in the shared folder ,
so the first part of the minutes are very hard to read , because there are two documents that were layered over each other .
it will be more easy for you to read the minutes .
No , on your mobile phone you can y you can read text also .
And I've read somewhere that I've got some veto rights .
W we've gotta find a balance , .
, you will read the minutes in the you can find them in the

, it's slicker to have no L_ CEDs .
but not af that you can switch fronts afterwards , that's also too much .
and w fon of of fronts , like we can use on the telephone and it

Sports and gaming . Define
You have that M_P_ three player of Nike , I saw .
, the I if the M_P_ three player of Nike .

and even the speaker and the wireless retriever are all available in our company .
because that's the mo it , it's acc accentu ,
If you drop it if you drop it the airbag comes out , .
But toilet paper roll and

, w we can w we can produce multiple multiple things .
I the English word , so forget it .

And and pro and lights . We have to incorporate the lights too .

