H how do you think the remote should function for the user ?
would it be for a user to have display on this remote control , on which you can see functions ?

the second is the technical functional design ,
So if someone of you comes up with ideas , I'll try to translate them in technical functions ,
That's just the basic f technical function .
, that's just the fu the technical function is pure what should the remote control do ,

we will discuss later on more ideas about how the remote should look and how it sh it should function and all those things .

a television remote control .
in this case control t the television .

a modern remote control should control a device diverse subset of equipment .
So one re one remote control for all your equipment .
so one thing one remote control should control one or more pieces of equipment ,
I've seen these remote controls with this little stick which you can move forward , sidewords .

we're going to do a little tool training for the tools we are going to use during the meetings we are going to have here .
, before we think about remote control we will work with some of the tools we have here .

the functional design , the conceptual design and the detailed design ,
the first stage , the functional design we are going to search for the user requirements ,
So we'll kop it keep it with the functional design .

How exactly does it work in the technical sense .

the remote should work on different T_V_s or even different
point at a T_V_ , it's quite disturbing when you always have to point directly to the T_V_ ,
For T_V_ , you're always in the neighbourhood of a T_V_ ,

it's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in a store .
It's not for for Philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product ,

which consists of three different design stages .
all of these stages mean that we do some individual work , prepare , and then meet to discuss our the
the other design stages , we will discuss that later .

and I'm we can find more goals for the product we are going to develop .
We're not developing this product for a specific vendor , are we ?
we're just developing this product , and we want to sell it to a very broad public ,
Or what we should take in account when developing such a product ?
because we wa we want to develop a trendy product .

this is the first meeting to generate some some ideas about it .
then I will tell you a little bit about my idea of the project plan ,

and now the time is to have a little discussion about what the product should be and how it should look ,
But you can't use Bluetooth all the time , twenty four hours a day .
. Gentlemen , I'm afraid we do not have any more time .

and Sebastian is here in the role of Industrial Designer .
first about my role , role of the Industrial Designer .
which is most Ru Ruud's role .

Roo is here as the User Interface Designer
and first of all it should be original , it should be trendy and user-friendly .
And it's very easy for a user to switch
And for other user interface I had , , it's more industrial thing .
so it should be as user interface for feeling should be good to understand .

the remote control we are going to develop will have a selling price of about twenty five Euros .
The cost price is very low .

We're not living in the nineteen eighties anymore , so infrared is not
, but the infrared , it's , , a little bit old-fashioned , if you would call it like that .
But all the T_V_s are equipped with infrared , so
you should equip infrared and Bluetooth together in one remote .
so in that case infrared should maybe be restriction to that .

, the techni fu technical function what you said is just by pressing the button you should change the state of the T_V_ .
It just should change the T_V_'s state .

and the technical possibilities and impossibilities .
and I also will remind people of some new technical possibilities which are available
Sebastian told us a few things about the technical implemen implications .

this meeting should take no more than twenty five minutes ,
, gentlemen , just a reminder , we d we have five minutes left for this meeting
, want to hear Ruud's input for this meeting .
next meeting starts in thirty minutes

You should able to feel the buttons without it mis
You must feel the buttons for volume or whatever , .

I'm you've had a mail from our account manager about it .
Yes , I have some technical issues which I would like to present to you before we start the discussion ,
but take these things into account when you start the discussion .

so the product will be sold , if there is market interest , in more than one country .
do you have anything already w ab idea about how the market will respond to the such a product ?

wh what is his task as an device .
like control multiple devices .
But lots of devices already use infrared .
d the device should either be rechargeable very easily

so we click the pen button .
you can insert a new slide or white-board file by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button .
you can just have white buttons with a black mark on it .

the profit we are looking for this product is fifty million Euros ,
And the production costs should not be more than twelve Euro fifty ,
twelve Euro fifty , .

the financial part of this project implicates that it's not going to be a high-end product .

You can display pr two presentations if you want to .
maybe the time for Sebastian to show his presentation .

, cell phones have integrated Bluetooth also and , , it's it seems to work quite .

we are going to use a pred a project method during this development ,
to presentate , to show us a file you'll need to place it in your project documents folder ,
I wrote down the documents should be in the project documents folder

The digits of the painting on the buttons should not fade .
Always have s the soft buttons , always clear the paint on it .
maybe we could only light the buttons that are applicable at that moment or

are there restriction for the range , the operating range too ?
So when you're not able to point at the device the range is very limited .
but if you want to get it working with a radio , and you're in outside your garden with just one speaker , then maybe the range should be

, the waiting is for our Marketing Expert , Ruud .
Ruud is here as the Marketing Expert ,

Current colour , you can choose another colour .
and you c choose the line width .
so now I d have a different line width and colour .
But a different animal with a different colour and a different line width .

as a little training I will ask Ruud first to draw your own animal on a new slide with a different colour and a different line width than the one now selected .
I'm just guessing what should be my favourite animal .

or change between tracks on a C_D_ ,
Because it's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every s every other week .

, D_V_D_ players , cell phones , video and audio equipment .
on a chapters , , on a D_V_D_ player .

then we have this electronic white-board system .
you can draw on the board using this pen .

, it looked more than a bunny than a cat , but it works ,

It's important that the laptops are exactly on the square , for the cameras .
so the main por the main points you are telling us are focus on the inter operability ,

all our whi SMARTboard notes should be kept in the same file .
It's really like a regu regular whiteboard .
or your personal coach will probably email you about th it .

so it should be visible al in dark too .
I'll write down glow in the dark .

How was your business trip to Boston ?
I will li list the agenda for today .

Good morning , Mister P_M_ .

