the second thing , I was th s thinking to myself , I have this little remote control , and I'm talking to it , but I still need to point to the television ,
But most infrared remote controls don't have to be pointed .

I believe Miss Tentel is with us as , in the control room .
then the decision on the remote control concept ,
I assume they just want something colourful . Not specifically an apple as a remote control .
But personally I wouldn't like a sponge as a remote control .
this is how you hold a remote control .
There are there are also remote controls who have a little shape underneath where you can put your fingers in ,
We have the uncurved or flat case . that's the most common remote con control form
we even seem to have hand dyn dynamos for powering our remote controls .
which is just uh a piece of material on the remote control which transfers light energy into electricity .
The user interface controls ,
I believe if you have what we've earlier said , the grip places in the remote control . You have your hand on one place on the remote control , so you have to place all the buttons in a range of your thumb .
and when you speak in the remote control , it repeats your saying .

But we could make a round an oval remote control . yellow .
you can compare it a little bit with the big grey image you had in your presentation . The the big remote control , something like that .

or you could use plastic buttons . In the rubber .
What I said in the first discussion , the digit six on the button , it will disappear when it's from rubber .
But the front , on which the buttons are doesn't have to be rubber .

but they're very advanced and very high-tech and just , , a weird shape .
in this interface we can have high-tech with the voice recognition and , , the fancy colours and and so on ,
And all the other remote controls are high-tech in buttons and and so on .
because it adds a little ext extra high-tech feeling to it .

this is my volume button . And either on this side or this side
Nokia has a , , it's not really a scroll-wheel , but on their side th the volume button is on the side ,
So in that case the volume button on the side of the remote control would be perfect .
, the side , exactly , the sideways . The side ,

And if you take the double-curved , then you cannot you can only use the rubber buttons and you cannot use the scroll-wheels .
But we already have the scroll-wheels , the sp the speaker the speak recognition , the rubber , the fancy colours .
but can't scroll-wheels work with one one-curved case ?

About the casing , we have three different casing possibilities .
for these casings we have different types of finishing .
the market would like a sort m titanium casing ,

we cannot use the titanium on the double curve cases .
we have to know , if you want to use these rubber double-curved c case , you must use these push push-buttons .
The case rubber with c one one curve .
The casing is curved , single-curved .
but then you have still the images on the rubber of the case .

and the feel of the material has to be spongy .
So still then , if you feel li if you feel your remote control , you just rub on the cover , so you rub on the painting .
, this is the finishing . This is what's on the edge . What you feel .
because our customers specifically ask for the spongy feel ,
So if you want the spongy feel , you need to make these buttons all of rubber .

Probably watch too much Sponge Bob .
But if you're watching a movie , how many times you take the remote control and
But from your own watch your watch uses a minimal con it consumes a minimal amount of energy .
So you have a problem when you're watching a movie and you haven't moved the remote i remote control in a in an amount of time , and you want t to switch the channel ,
which means you can watch in a display w which channel you have chosen like that of the li amount of volume which is currently

And these scroll-wheels can also be integrated with buttons .
I can't see any scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it .
But Flores , think about a scenario where y where you would use the scroll-button for
what he means is there's an button integrated in the scroll-wheel .
There's no scenario where you use the button in the scroll-wheel .
Ruud , wha what do you thing about a scroll-bar ? scroll-wheel .
If we want to use the scroll-wheels we need the regular version .
I like the scroll wheels idea .

Maybe soft material . But not a real sponge .
And colouring is important and soft materials .
the younger people liked soft material .

and these chips incorporate all the Logica and hardware that is needed to send to send a signal .
we have a simple , regular and advanced chip .
And if we don't want to use any of these more advanced functions we can keep with the simple chip ,
And they can be implemented with a regular chip ?
With those regular chips we can still control advanced functions .
The only difference between the advanced and the regular version is that the advanced version of the chip supports L_C_D_ . That's all .

the corporate colours are grey and yellow .
the light blue and it's also in yellow .
then the corporate identity should be in the product .
you talked about it before , the colours , grey and yellow .
and we should use the company colours . Something like black and red . black and yellow .
grey and yellow or black and yellow . .
Yellow case and grey buttons , .

the previous ideas were voice recognition and the round button for the p channel programming and volume .

And some fashion watchers have found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their clothes , shoes and furniture ,
so do you think when fruit and vegetables are important for clothing and shoes that they are in remote controls also ?

So if you have the voice recognition , you can you can programme like thirty thirty c controls on it .
because I the voice recognition feature u consumes quite a f a lot of power .
so that's the voice recognition item we were searching for .
the voice recognition we already decided .
or leave them to the speech recognition ?

So it might attract the young customers .
but I could think of a more attractive c set of colours .
th these colours are really what our young people are looking for .

And these latex cases , there's just the plastic ones won't allow the use of solar cells as an energy source .

because I understood there are some significant changes in the market situation .
my conclusion , unfortunately the market has decided the a little other than .
But what about the markets wants colourfuls designs ?
thinking in two colours is too black and white for our m c market group , I .

there's also a kinetic energy supply .
when you're watching T_V_ or when you're you have to make some energy kinetic energy by shaking the remote or throwing it against the wall , whatever you wish .
, if hook on to that , the kinetic thing is very funny .
you have the kinetic idea in a watch also .
the shaking of your body , which is almost every activity makes your body shake , it charges it .
But the problem here is that it supplies a very little amount of kinetic energy .
and when there's enough kinet kinetic energy , use the kinetic energy ,

So we don't really have the button we had in mind in our in our last meeting , the thing with the round with the four
we can just make four push-buttons in a form of a round .
But then you just have the fact that the drawings on the buttons will disappear eventually .
especially when there are l a few buttons on it , you have a lot of space to touch .

or like cell phones , exch exchangeable covers .
it should be a full colour cover with such an image
we should have it the other way around , I . A plastic cover with rubber finishing .

We have the fruit , we have the colours . We have the simple design .
and we had a talk about all the different components who are in this design .
if you stick with the simple straight-forward not curve design , i it's too dull .
The next phase , Sebastian , is the design of the look and feel . The user interface design .

But we since we are concentrating on the younger group
No , the younger group likes more colourful objects .
But since we're conten concentrating on the younger group ,

I'm thinking about the Bananarama telephone telephone from Siemens . The yellow rubber telephone .
It's the Siemens C_ twenty five ,
But if you have something like the Siemens phone , it's rubber .
all the Sony telephones use it , , for volume .

And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker ,
This sample sensor requires an regular chip , .
we already need the regular chip for the sample sensor speaker
I suggest we use the sensor sample . the sample sensor and sample speaker . with a regular chip .

and a fancy look and feel is even more important .
were the important themes enclose .
the m important findings are innovation is more important than ease of use for the our target group .

the older group still prefers dark colours . Simple shapes m material .
and like the older group likes familiar materials ,
So I made a really simple f a shape on in PowerPoint .
the older people liked wood .

You could make a few v very colourful ones , and a very traditional co cover .
but maybe there's a possibility com to combine it with m traditional batteries ,
And we have the traditional solar power ,
Traditional batteries and solar .
you have the most knowledge about the suppliers , the possibilities

Which brings me to the different energy sources .
but it's , , your your calculator has a solar panel .
I've chosen the more battery with solar cell solution for the energy .
just the energy source is the batteries and the solar .

What about integrating a scroll-bar on this side ?
Because if we do have enough space in our finance , I would say do integrate it ,

in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays ,
There's no way you can integrate L_C_D_ displays .
If we want to use the L_C_D_ display , we really need the advanced version ,
And skip and skip the L_C_D_ part .

it might be smart to look at Ruud's information first ,
to add on Ruud's information ,
according to Ruud , the market likes new flashy technology ,
Ruud , do you have any anything you would like to add or maybe thoughts
I was more thinking about the fruit colours that the Ruud showed us before .

I have some points I would like to some issues I would like to point out .
what about the issue I addressed at the beginning of the meeting ? the voice function w with the infrared issue .
But if you have carpets on the wall , which our natural loving friends probably do have , then , th it might be a bit more of a issue .
because the walls they reflect the infrared light .

And click it to muten the device .
And and it makes it different from the traditional devices on this market .
there are many other devices like telephones and our radio , pocket radios .
It's it's imagine it's very dull to talk to a device w if you have to point to another device .
but I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on the device .

in the voice recognition you say a word you can programme words like v volume up . Of mute , let's say mute .
you programme it , you m mute and you g you give an an action to it that's really the mute function
and then he repeats its action what which he believes it is .
and you makes a computer sound mute ,

I had a talk with our manufacturing division ,
Just a week ago , a keyboard manufacturer would print ,
but our manufacturing department is not so advanced in its techniques .
because our manufacturing division also offers plastic finishing .

My pen didn't load the information .
And I used the web to find my information .
I'm your personal coach will give you more information on that .

first of all , if you make minutes yourself as , like Sebastian does , could you put them on the shared folder ?
Forty minutes in total for this .
when we come back in thirty minutes , you will have a prototype ready .
Sebastian , did you write enough decisions down ?
if you write wrote anything down , could you put it on the shared folder ?

You have to imagine it's a bit like a wave form .
There's there are no flat areas where you can incorporate these things .

all any T_V_ can view a digit on on screen ,
and the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ need to work together on the prototype drawing on the SMARTboard .
didn't did we inc include the digi digits

we wi we will have your individual presentations ,
we can immedis immediately start with the individual presentations , the progress you've made .

I had a small mock-up sign on the on paper .

