So , we're here today to have our first kick-off meeting about this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes .
so I will be Sebastian the Project Manager .
I'm Michael . I'm the user interface designer .
Hi I'm Guillermo . I'm the Marketing Expert .
And I am Hemant , the industrial designer .
and mainly first to to make to be used to the tools available in this and smart meeting room we have here .
then we'll go to the plans for project and have general discussions about it .
So , the goal of this project is to developed a new remote control .
it should be original , trendy , and also user friendly .
As usual we will follow the project method that we are using in the in our company .
The second's a conceptual design ,
During each step of each design we wi you will work s separately , individually on your specific tasks
and will m we will meet to to discuss and take decisions about what you've you did and what we will do next .
So first , we have to train ourself with all the the tools availables in the in this meeting room and particularly the white board
so we are going to go through the white board and take some s some notes or do some drawings .
so , want me to draw my favourite animal .
because you can actually draw it pretty in the corner of a white board .
spider lives in a web
and it can move all about the web in two dimensions .
There are some spiders that live in like that have like a big ball of a web .
like they have they let out like a stream of like the web building material
but it's it acts like a parachute so they can actually go and find new build a new web somewhere else .
So they did this in in Charlotte's Web that movie
but at the end all the spiders kinda flew away .
But don't you think it's very difficult to draw a panther ?
if it's the male who hunts or it's the female ,
I have watched that lions di didn't hunt it's the female lions who hunt ,
and it's black as , so it can he it can hide itself very easily
I watch a film about a black panther when I was a child
So , not the favourite animal , but I'll draw elephant .
It seems that elephants are pretty friendly
So when they walk , wherever they are going to put their first feet , the second feet will always be .
At least few hundred years ago when there was no means of transportations , or when they had to carry huge loads from one place to another , elephants were very useful .
And they are the biggest terrestrial animal .
So is this an Indian or an African elephant ,
, they are very different , Indian and African elephants .
So Indian elephant is having one bump , , and the African have two .
And then there's a difference in the trunk of the animals ,
we'll discuss a f a fly or do we'll do another meeting abo on elephants .
so another important part of the project is about money ,
So we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control
which would generate a profit of fifty million Euros , .
And we should target the inter an international market .
is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling ?
So it's gonna be you already have a T_V_ but you're buying an extra remote control for it ?
should it be specific remote control to some specific device ?
So so I'm waiting for your inputs very quickly
so , it seems the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make ,
but I if that's if that's the requirement that we need to design the product to actually fit that price bracket
so , I we're gonna need to find out what's actually , what people ar are willing to pay for
what product they're expecting for twenty-five Euro
So it should be the topic of maybe of the next meeting just to have an overview of this and in which direction we should go .
So you have to work on the working design ,
you have to work on the technical functions ,
and you have to work on us user requirements specs ,
you will receive some information by emails , i as usual .