when we did our remote control market survey we found that people l people do have preference for tho fancy mobi f remote controls which look and feel very good ,
there shouldn't be too many buttons on this mobi remote control ,
, so most remote controls use graphical interface ,
There is some inconsistency already in ec existing in between remote controls ,
And we've got some pictures of some new remote controls to show you .
the way I'm gonna do this is we're gonna take a look at some old remote controls , see how they work ,
So , looking inside a very simple remote control .
so this is the bear essentials that we need to have in our remote control ,
We could make novelty remote controls .
, like we could have a big banana shaped remote control ,
we can just have a remote control and casings of different shapes ,
as for the energy source , , almost every remote control uses just batteries ,

The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically innovative .
We must have some technological advancement in the remote control tha rather than just putting it as it is as the other remo remote controls are .

maybe just draw on the fruit and vegetable shape .
you don't necessarily have to have it clearly identified as a fruit just to have that fruitish shape ,
we are pushing it probably with funny fruit shapes .
If somebody wanted in apple shape we will design that , we will put we will put apple shape casing on that .
but something ergonomically shaped and organic , like good to hold , based on fruits and natural things like that ,

reuse the vital essential pieces of it ,
so for the casing , this an e-mail I got from our manufacturing team
different fruit shapes in such a way that a any casing can be could be fit into this mobile general piece .
So whatever people want , like if somebody want it in banana shape , we will put that casing onto that mobile phone , ,
If somebody wants it i in banana shape , we will fit banana shape casing onto that , so it will give a banana shape look .
So in that way we need not to d have different shape mobiles everything , we will just design casings fruit shape .

where you have got s buttons and you point it rather than having the output as a stream of text .
Mm-hmm , like the middle button .
the T_A_ one eight three five , which receives input from the buttons ,
And buttons would , did we say ? different shapes of buttons ?
tho if you're gonna have a facia then you'd want to have it so that it does go over the buttons ,
the user interface , the buttons , I we talked about this already .
and if we're just having buttons and the speech then we're getting our cheapest option of chipping .

Do I press Escape F_ five ? Or just
Again that's just quite boring shape , grey ,
but pointing out that this one the volume it is pressing down , but it would actually go up , because of the shape .
we could make a vegetabley round shape , .
Or we can do something , we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey , let the public choose what they want .
and the shape , maybe we'll just make it kinda mix and match type of shape or
So , , luckily we chose a simple shape .
I shoulda engineered it so we k ended up making a diffi difficult shape .

but people tend to recognise certain shapes to do certain things anyway , don't they ?
But in our market survey we have seen that people are willing to pay more ,
You said about disposable earli people want disposable things
Because then people have to , like if the cell is out of bat

So this sh this clearly indicates their preference for the design their outlook of the remote controls .
the outlook of the mobile , the it should have a fancy outlook ,
so the method , we looked at existing designs ,
but they want the quality , they want f fancy look , they want some new design , something new .

But the one below that has got like a little scroll function on the side .
button will be on the upper side , buttons will be the on the upper side .
, buttons will be on the upper side , lower side we will just put the casing ,
it means while you are holding of from this side you c you can have banana look or apple look , whatever .
unless you have you got the buttons options on one side , and you get the facia on the other side with a microphone so that you can place it face down .

because we think that this is also a factor which will affect our sales and profit .
we should consider this factor as the most important factor ,
the second factor which is further ti twice the as important as the sec as the third factor .
So this factor becomes the most important factor in our surv in our mark means in take in designing our rem remote controls .
And were there any factors that weren't important in the survey , that they said we don't want ?

I was just reading fruit and vegetables .
because d you can see how people have related their clothes , shoes , and everything with fruits and vegetables ,
and we can relate with fruits and vegetables , the people's choices .
So maybe an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable
like everybody's got fruit bowl in front of the telly .

how these trends is going to affect our market potential and how important is this .
We have done a rec not only a recent remote control market survey , but we also considered the latest fre fashion trends of the market ,
because the g world is now changing it's trend towards organic ,
we are marketing to twenty five to thirty five ,
It fi it fits with f fits with marketing

So so that they could play with it while handi while handling it .
but standard shape and play and those but buttons
you program it like you say , record , and then , play , and then , record , play machine , and like that ,
You do have ones like play could be green or on and off is red , and like that , .
for the specific functions , , up and down , play , stop .

rather than just having a functional look and feel good , it should have a fancy look and foo feel good .
the f feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look , hard look .
, the spongy , not real spongy ,
, like la latex has a kinda spongy feeling to it ,
so maybe s a plastic initial plastic with a latex kinda sheath ?
So that spongy latex rubber everything feel ,

And the third most important aspect in the ta to take into consideration is that it should be easy to use ,
and customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language , something .
, people find that important,cause then it's easy to use .
And one of the survey findings was that they want it easy to use , so I'm not about the L_C_D_ .
but for our budget and for the thing we're trying to go for eas easy to use , it's not the thing we should go for , .
And that might be quite durable and easy to chuck around .
it's , , that'd be that's comfortable to hold , easy to hold so you don't drop it .
these lapel mics are trouble .

The met methodology to find out the trend was incl was done in a way
When we did f fashions , recent fashion our recent fashion update shows that
the findings , I've got some pictures to show you as .
the fashion trend shows that fruits and vegetables ,

The rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable that we can take into co
, , we have a bunch of options from wood , titanium , rubber , plastic , whatnot ,
I like the rubber , the stress balls , ,
w like , there's gonna be the cover the rubber or the plastic casing and then the buttons in probably two different colours

So switching over I've just left my first two screens .
the L_C_D_ , it does look smart , but maybe for our budget ,
Although , th to be they have got they are going crazy with the L_C_D_ technology now ,
but , , like even mobile phones or whatever have now have colour L_C_D_ screens ,
i it will be easy because there will be , on L_C_D_ s screen , there will be different frent icons , they can just click , whatever they wa
and keeping the L_C_D_ screen out .

So even if we increase our cost little bit , within some limits , and we give something new technological advancement as as new design with fancy outlook , we will meet the requirements and we will be able to have a good sales in the market .
processor , we'll probably use the more advanced processor than they had ,

do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit ?
l like think of a fruit that could sit independently on its own like , , an apple .
that could sit on its own and it's quite got a quite steady base .
It can sit at a distance and pick it up still .

So it should be technologically innovative like glow-in-the-dark or speech recognition , something like that .
R no , this is a very old one , so now with the new technology this is a minimally small and cheap thing to make .
we've got the technological innovation with the speech recognition system .
But , about the speech thing , it doesn't have to be hand held or close .
so the speech thing you said our techno our research and development department came up with some break-through .

latex , double-curved , curved .
and ther that's also f sorta relatively cheap to cast .
double-curved sounds good to me if we're talking about sorta ergonomic and easy use ,
, so double-curved , single-curved , what do we feel ?

you scroll it and the when you reach the menu item that you require , you press the middle of the scroll .
because people use mo mice mouses now with the scrolling thing . .
, what about the scroll wheel and speech recognition ?
are we that scroll wheel does give ease of use ?
, we can do some user test with scroll-wheels , right ?

So , this might be an idea for something that people really wanna grab , you can shake it if it's out of power .
But but do you think that it will be a good idea to use dynamo , tha these type of cells ?
, solar power will w also not be a good idea ,
because then they have to keep m their mobiles outside in solar energy ,
we should a rechargeable battery will be a good idea .
just on the basis of like ridding them of batteries and that bother

and I've just got an e-mail from our technical department saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in .
And if this new software for the sound recognition is the microphone
We really need really gonna need to hold it , if it's gonna be voice recognition .
Especially if they want to use it sp specifically as voice activated .
so that not only it doubles as a stand , but for using it as recharging it , but also for using it as sound recognition .

We should make a big sponge lemon ,
because our company is very for taking all these concerns into consideration ,
, si since we're going for the the k the company colours , your lemon wasn't that far s
or a limit maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it doesn't look too childish , perhaps .
and a lemon might be a little hard to grip . .
So again like we could have , , we could quite easily have the main body be a different
not necessarily that the the whole body has to be of the company colour ,
And we're a very environmentally friendly company , aren't we as ?

, I m the one thing about these ones is these kl secured areas , I've seen a lot of them with the cover missing .
Like an hour glass figure ,
like if this is a mobile phone we will design casing in such a way like half of , we need not to have a full cover , we will just have a half of cover ,
So you've narrowed it down to half a dozen options .
our next meeting's in half an hour

But I presume that the functions must come up on the T_V_ screen .
Then d blind don't watch T_V_ .
And that means tha that means you get to bump that bit to the T_V_ maker , so
You have to keep your pen separate , because I used your pen .

which kinda see is that little red light bulb at the end ,
and that sends out the infrared light signal to the television .
i it doesn't matter which end you point , I .
and it has a clear top and bottom so y so you could say , , it transmits from this end .
Light , light , . Light .

because al already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow , .
, it's gotta be our company's yellow .
Maybe we could have that pale yellow and then an outside bit bright yellow with , you said , the logan the slogan .
so blue and yellow tend to go to we together .
So you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it thing .

so that takes a signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it then sends to the amplifier ,
which is made of some transistors and amplifiers , op-amps ,
amplifier and transmitter are all standard .
I it could even encourage healthier habits for television watchers ,

So the meeting will have about the same format as the last time .
mailed you the minutes of the last meeting just to save time .
and is there any questions you have that arised from last meeting that
in this meeting I'm going to discuss about the trend watching ,
unless anybody's got questions or confusions ,
There we go . Warning , finish meeting now .

So this is a standard off the shelf a chip , is it ?
the electronics , the more features we add
So the more features we add the fancier chips we need to buy and put in ,
which adds to the cost as you can expect .
And we're using this our basic chip set ,

personal preferences just some imagination ,
and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches .

you open it up , there's a circuit board inside ,
It's it's the more you move i it , it's got a wee thing inside that just kinda powers it .
dele accidentally deleted what I was supposed to say next .
I hope recover this , I've accidentally deleted it .
But I cou can't open that , because it w asks for some username or password .

I'm not if the if for twenty five Euros per twelve Euros fifty m manufacturing cost , .
that'll make us fifty million Euros .
we're trying to get to twenty five , thirty five year olds who want it quite trendy as they said .

and we also found that there's inconsistent layout , which makes it confusing .
. So if it's not working , I people's natural reaction anyway is to just shake the thing .
and what I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay .

But like I the black and white , I , it just doesn't look funky enough .

. Save everything to the shared documents , is that right ?
it goes there automatically if you put it in Project Documents .
Project Documents is on the desktop .

Then we shall start with a presentation from Raj .
But price not withstanding , is it too complicated , is it gonna be too much just overload ?
I've got no I've got a north facing house , there's not really ever sun coming in my window .

