So , we had decided that we're having rubber buttons and
The option was maybe not to have rubber buttons ,
So you would only have the one special button that was rubber ,
If the buttons are rubber that might be spongy enough .
, but we said that w Because you got rid of the rubber , we put an extra fruit shape on one of the buttons .

, so we've got one special button form , which was the apple .
so just take out the special colour for the apple and
And we've got special form is the one apple .

And so when I done my thing on cost a I had assumed that the only button that would be a different colour would be the the red apple button .
and the only thing that has really changed is the colouration of the buttons ,
The only snag about this is that the cost is probably important .
but we've now s we now got an extra form , and an extra colour for the buttons .
Bu but was the was there not a button that you were thinking of on the on the other opt , on the second page , as it were , that you were thinking of maybe having as a different colour ?
So it may be different colour buttons isn't so important .

and one special button form .
but if we gather something else down to slightly lower standard , and maybe go with the one the special form buttons , then we could have the speech
So you could fiddle that down your special form at the bottom ,
Do we just have one special special forms down here ?
our plan really was to have one button only with a special
Then there's a spe a second special form .
So it's w if we've put in for another special form on a button , then maybe they could be a different shape .
That would be poss seeing as it's cheaper to make them a different seeing as we've got , , we've made it a special form , so
plus if anything that is special forms makes it slightly easier to use .

Have a push button interface .
And the r effectively we've got sixteen buttons that we're gonna have on there .
I thi the button supplement i is just a supplement for all the buttons made in a different material , rather than per button .
which would be come from the button supplements category .
, we should just imagine white buttons .
and the question was that all buttons or is that just one button .
because we've just got the push-button interface , which is by far the cheapest .
And then for the more functional buttons , we don't worry too much about that and just have that as like a

, so , by the fact that we've got the simple chip and the kinetic energy source , we've got a single curved case . We've got a rubber case materials supplements .
So , we've got we got rid of the rubber case ,
It's hard to tell how the rubber casing would really affect
Did did you have to have a rubber case , though , for rubber buttons ?
You had to have rubber buttons if you had the rubber case .

I we'd have the ones which are blue at the moment would just be the standard colour .
And that is like the most standard type of button .
, we decided that the blue ones were the the standard colour .
if they were just all small round blue buttons , it'd be fine .

and as I suppose that so whether wanted to put in all these colours , would be open to debate , I suppose .
So maybe if we got rid of like the maybe one of the special colours , kept them all the same colour , then we could have the voice recognition
whereas down at just special colours is point two .
or your special colour at the bottom .
I thin you just need two for the special colour
The one colour's gonna be moulded out of a piece of plas of rubber , isn't it .
Hey , what what's the company colour ?
Did you get told what the company colour is or

We've got special material , rubber , wood , titanium , et cetera and that ,
so , I was originally , I was thinking rubber wasn't special ,
The special material , the rubber , wood , titanium , et cetera , if you go for that , th that's at the high end that's point six ,
The other thing would then be special material , rubber , wood , titanium .

, you separate off in colour the volume related buttons from the channel related buttons ,
maybe the special colour , we've got three now just because the volume buttons are different ,
So next year you could make next year's model the same , but have it as a whate whatever , a lemon .
, the volume buttons could be lemons , maybe .
it's the thing that , , you wanna pick up the controller and just hit a button quickly to change the channel or volume .
le lemon sh
, we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones .

The other option if we're planning on just going for something cheap and cheerful , would be to make it originally , we're gonna make it a simple product .
One original colour and then two supplements , maybe .

you think apple , you think computers , like Apple Mac .
, originally , there would just be one in there because it was the one red apple .
if we just had all the buttons as standard , except for the one red apple , then that would take care of that , I .
originally I was assuming we had the red apple ,
because at the moment you're making a red apple .
, can check if that's a cherry or an apple ?
Did we decide against the apple because of Apple Mac ?

, you can lose one point two and still meet the requirements .

So , and then the production evaluation , as to how easy that would be to to manufacture .
We could do it as we d go along , the production costs , looking at the prototype .
The whether the product demonstrates technical innovation .
And , how much does the product demonstrate technical innovation do you reckon ?
I'm just gonna check exactly what it said in the email for the product .
the sensor using all of its products , all of its buttons ,
As an overall product which has to be quite cheap , we've just about achieved everything .
but we're coming up with some bucket shop product aren't we
Like , companies can have like a range of products and
, I don't think it don't think it fitted in with the rest of their products .

The the problem was the battery's running out and losing the losing the remote .
So it says if we make a slightly more fancy , then we lose points innovation ,
and if we make it more innovative , then we lose points on it being fancy , so
Shouldn't we maybe lose a point on fashion ,

But more the features of the actual control will be more important than maybe than the actual aesthetics , but
we had things thrown in at the second meeting where , , you'd looked at the remote controls and seen the curviness , but in the first one you'd also looked at some remote controls and looked at the buttons ,
a remote control isn't the most fancy thing that you could imagine designing .
But think like it was a bit restrictive just to say that you have to design a television remote control , in a way .
a kinetic remote control .
and I'm thinking , do , one cheap remote control doesn't really fit in .
Kinetic powered remote control . ,

In a sense , at the moment , we've got a total which we need to reduce down by one point two .
So , we've all got a note of it's thirteen point seven , isn't it , with everything we want on .
In thirteen point seven we do have kinetic .
The problem is we have to reduce down from there to get it down to twelve point five .
Was it thirteen point seven was the definite price rule if has .
we've got nought point eight left ,
Shall we save the point two for profitability then ?
So we just add that to profitability in effect .
or the idea is that the whichever person's at the other end can point them in the right direction ,
I tried to save this the last time at twelve point three ,

I switching around those th on the electronics we got the sample sensor .
, I the sample sens sample speaker would be the voice recognition thing , which puts up to four ?
wouldn't the chip and the sample speaker be separate things ,
, whether they would figure the s sample senor and the sample speaker , voice recognition be a worthwhile thing to have .
And if you're definitely going for the sample sensor and sample speaker , then because that
so it seems to me that if you're going for the sample sensors speaker , you're then having to go for the cheaper options on everything else .
And and the simple way to do it would be to have a battery , to have your sample sensor speaker ,
If you have a in plastic rather than rubber , then that would enable you to get you could keep kinetic then , you could keep your sample sensor ,
You've got the sample sensor and sample speaker , which is your big item .

Every design change is sound]
So , that would that would work out fine if as assuming your correction are assuming that one change covers all the buttons , then that would be fine .
So we're now on to changing it to get it to fit in with the budget requirements ,
you could argue you might do it once a year , you would change ,
we've the main thing we've changed really is the casing isn't it ?

whereas the rest would be hard plastic .
How much of a difference would it make if we made the case in plastic ?
actually we just have a plastic case , then we lose two points ,
, I was thinking that because maybe the rubber case is a bit less in the corporate identity than the sleeker plastic case .
Whether whether that's considered to be part of the corporate identity , I .
, apart from maybe doing the whole thing in the kinda light shade of blue , like the casing .
Just in case we need that point two for lawsuits and such like .

But I do think the v voice recognition thing would be more impressive than the fact that it's got no battery .
but remember the main the only reason we were planning on having the voice recognition was so that they could find the remote if it got lost .
, deciding between the kinetic power or the speech recognition ,
and if we had either of those for our budget , they both show a reasonable amount of speech recognition .
so that's like if that's the new age inno innovative c type company , then having the kinetic feature and the voice recognition is p quite high up on
You've got voice recognition computers ,

so , We have to say whether it's true or false that the product looks and feels fancy .
So the first one is , does the product look and feel fancy .
, then we have the rubber kinda spongy feel , which was in at the time .
Also it's spongy rubberiness is maybe bit more kinda comfortable than kinda sleek and new age .
we've lost the overall spongy feel .
Did you feel you got a chance to express yourselves enough ?

So the so the real w the real question then would come in .
And whether it's a recognisable Real Reaction product .
The product is a recognisable real r reaction product ?
And specially it definitely could fits the real product
Real Reaction produ
if you look at their products on their website here , Real Reaction , it's all pretty high-tech and cutting edge .

so you've got the volume in orange on design there ,
And so the method is that the design team makes a prototype ,
so we need to think about finance after we've evaluated that design .
So maybe there's like a set design which we get printed off .

And the little line at the bottom indicates the bit the panel that you pull down .
And the extra function buttons are below that panel on the little line .
and it's got a fairly big label on the bottom saying where it comes from .
You were making these buttons down the bottom , I was presuming , bigger than the other ones ,
We're assuming that all the buttons on the second panel , the hidden away panel , would all be standard .
But if you're opening the panel and you're looking and you're tuning , then you're paying a bit more attention .
Whether it just produces a big image of everything you've written ,

For the first time , it was hard to get the h the actual labelling on the individual buttons .
And then it stand the test of time better .
Whereas , this time , you're really getting it from a database source ,
You have to do it within a set time frame is the other thing , so

But remember that the idea was to keep it the colour of the
Maybe for the one they're gonna see all the time , we make it look good , and , fit the idea of what they want .
So were we aiming for a certain target on that scale ?
It kinda kis fits the purpose that it was something everyone knows about
I we all had separate ideas and then discussed them .

And we've got the stick on the button with the company logo on .
So this is about the corporate image of like new sleek technology and all that thing , as as having the logo on and all that .
, the logo would be more recognisable on the actual thing .
which would effectively be a stick-on badge .
So you're in a sense , you're comparing the product without the company logo .
But but i but in the sense that , as you saw with the Windows logo badge , it doesn't really matter .
We got the logo off the web browser .
The way that you frame , , the Windows badge on there , it really doesn't matter what colour it is ,
so long as our company's logo is framed w in the same way as that with a like a black outline .
Fact , they've got black and white or black and silver .
So , even if you had a silver the same colour of silver on your display , because you've got effectively a double edging on the on the logo , it means that it splits off what your logo is from the product .

Y no , it's a slightly curved around the sides .
, it's almost curved like up to the main display as .
and lost a bit on the fancy kinda side of it ,
So maybe in a sense not having that , maybe we've lost some maybe lost something on the innovation side ?

, we just chose simple shapes for all them .
, and we chose a V_ plus and V_ minus .
At the moment we've just got the simple chip , which costs one .

and the bit after the evaluation criteria is is the finance . And the and the cost implication .
So if you had to do a presentation or will you just work it on the prototype ?
This is about the evaluation criteria that we use for the prototype we've got here .
and we evaluate the prototype against some criteria that we've formulated .
So , I got a set of criteria just based on the marketing that we need to add in a financial one as , at the end .
So , we're actually now , in a sense , on to the evaluation of the course rather than the evaluation of the project is m my understanding of it .

So we've got detail design meeting .
so I w we have to evaluate if that meets the various aspects that we're looking for from our previous meeting .
some of the divisions though between the individual meetings were a bit arbitrary .
, we were finding out various things in be in-between the meetings ,
The only thing you find is in a manufacturing process , you would normally , you go to a meeting , you decide , right , you do this , you do that .
, don't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary .

Whether it's incorporating the fashion element to attract the buyer .
, incorporates elements of fashion to attract buyer .
. So you'd maybe put fash fan fashion at three rather than two .
And that would maybe keep us close on the the fashion type one .
Whatever fruit was in fashion next year .

, m my wife at the moment , , is acting as a computer
So what she's doing is she's having to spend a day at the computer terminal at one end so that any student that comes along can ask whatever question .
because they were actually trying to debug the computer software to enable to enable it to work .
, they've got all these , , high definition D_V_D_ and portable seven inch d lightweight computer screens ,
Comput computers could be a bit difficult at times but

Right , so as far as the finance of it would be concern would be to make that the cost aye the production cost you may remember that was one of the first considerations was to be in d under twelve fifty or two and a half twelve and a half Euros .
Do you wanna plu do you wanna plug it in into the back of that one .
And when I plugged that in last time remember it has to be under twelve and a half . As far as I know , that that took care of the of the various supplements .
Remember that was a minimum requirement .
, it's just that saying something remember that when you look down , we've got solar power , we've got various other things you could have ,
but generally speaking , we've kept the other attributes to the
and remembering that nobody's just over the curtain .
either at the library , or or come back , or go and see Joe Bloggs , or whatever .

, I suppose and then be going out and finding more information each time
flow of information on any given subject given subject sometimes disjointed .
and find out information to see how to get it fixed .

We also have a apple slash cherry design at the top .
, and cherries are fun , summery .
Maybe if you just minimise that one in the top right-hand corner of the little box .
So I this Is this the last stage once we sort out the finances part of it ?

So we've done the finance bit and the Excel project and the We've done the redesign .
it maybe could have been a slightly more creative project .
Have could have used a different example pel to increase create Creativity .
But the other thing is that they're I'm guessing that they're trying to use this software to demonstrate how you could do a project .
So , and that was a project I suspect similar to this ,

Do you want to replace existing file , no .
i that you wanted to a appeal to people and not have to replace batteries .
, since it's the through the whole technology type thing , , you were saying in the market research that people like interesting gadgets in them .
And those ones are gonna be in response to market research ,
which are coffee makers and spacecraft .
, it's got the same speech feature as the coffee machine .
If you want to keep kinetic , right , you've got a choice there of going down to battery , which would save you one .

It's just that the pen wouldn't really write on that paper .
Now satisfaction with , , room for creativity , leadership , teamwork , means , et cetera , whiteboard , digital pens , et cetera .
It was quite good with this the white board , having that and the digital pens .
So , we're m we're meant to comment on leadership and the means , E_ G_ whiteboard , digital pens , et cetera .

