because men like to have control of the remote
it seems that the remote controls have been have remained the same for the last five , ten years .
There is no significant difference between the b the first new controls and
So and they admit that the they should s they would spend more money in a fancier remote control ,
they get angry very often because they lost the remote control very often ,
but they shouldn't have the same importance in the in the remote cont in the remote control .
th the on though , most remote controls are used by more than one person .
I th Anyway it could be int interesting to release some a small fraction of this remote controls .
you should say like does that , remote control being on or be on thing , and then remote control comes in the picture for the speech recognition .
So there's a pretty wide range of remote controls these days
and this remote control on the right here is one of the more extravagant ,
There are a lot of expensive remote controls out there .
what a what we the presen this presentation we had is what we want the remote control to actually do .
this is another multi kinda purpose remote control where it's it's very simple ,
H that the tr the transition to this new remote control shouldn't be very abrupt very hard
because you are not going to speak into th into the remote control .
Maybe if the remote control is something that y you don't actually have to pick up anymore , that would be a useful feature of the speech recogntion .
we need to have remote control which is fanc fancy ,
what would be the goal of putting an L_C_D_ in a remote control ?
to browse more easily the teletext . through through your remote control .

more most of the people think that remote controls are ugly , thoroughly .
Also the people are worried about the R*_S_I_ disease ,
So s people are are worried about the shape of the remote control .
because really people want to be able to find the button they're looking for without even looking at the remote control .
like s people teach sign language to kids f , by speaking and doing
, people go to buy another remote control when they broke n broke their ,
the type of people that are gonna want to buy a very stylish rem r remote control with lots of new technologies are the kinda people that are gonna have a wireless internet connection maybe , or a .

So we are not decided if w we should go for a universal or specific remote control ,
it means like , this remote here is is very thin and long so instead of having you might have it a bit bigger
so while researching this topic I first of all just thought of a couple of things that I would like to see in a remote ,
and just looked to see if they're actually available in any current remotes ,
and then also searched for which are the top-rated remote controls on Epinions dot com , which is a a customer written review site .
I know we're working on television remote , but a lot of the universal remotes out there have have these L_C_D_ screens
because this is the top rating universal remote control on Epinions .
we will have a bit of a simpler task in that we're only doing a television remote control .
you say we're focusing on T_V_ , but is it still a like a universal remote in that it's a replacement remote control , or is this something for our own line of televisions ?
So the remote has gone bad and the person wants to buy a new remote or

the younger people are the more interested they are in incorporating new technologies in the remote control .
But most of most of the young people to thirty years old were really interested in this technology .
We should bring new technologies for young peoples ,

but mo most of the T_V_s nowadays show the
but most of the T_V_s have teletext nowadays .
so that mean w we need an in an extra internet connection to use the remote control , if you want to browse , in addition to the T_V_ , or or it should be a special T_V_ connected to
because even with y I don't think you could even get teletext information from the T_V_ onto the remote control , especially if we don't control the T_V_ .

so they want us to restrict the remote control to T_V_ only because of time limitations .
because most channels are two digit numbers and you have to press a special button to enter a two-digit number , and then two numbers ,
So this is something else we might wanna consider , is really limiting the number of buttons ,
It it's really maybe worth thinking about limiting the number of buttons as much as possible
if I had my perfect remote control , I'd probably just have no numbers on it because they're just in the way .
because w if people see a remo see the see a remote control without numbers they will think it's very difficult to learn very difficult to very different build very different to the traditional
if you have the right advertisement showing how easy it is and how you can , , navigate to a program without the numbers , then people might say that looks pretty easy .

so let's keep in mind about tha that this last point about L_C_D_ and speech reco
So so my feeling is that re regarding costs budget we have an target price , it's not possible to go s to go to L_C_D_
, could we fit the targets in terms of cost if we go s to L_C_D_ on the remote control ?
because the cost of L_C_D_ thing could be as high as the T_V_ itself .

And finally , the incorporation of a L_C_D_ or a speech recognition system in the remote control could also be interesting ,
even if it was within budget do a speech reco rec system it might be a bit difficult
You might have some background noise from the T_V_ which will make the speech recognition much harder , so .
So most of the things which we are discussing about is speech recognition ,
and on top of that there could be a speech recognition technology also being sitting on the remote .
one other thing that speech recognition could really blow out the price for is when you want to sell into other markets , though ,
so maybe speech recognition gets in the way more than it helps .
and also to go to automatic speech recognition technologies .
so regarding the automatic speech recognition , this is
we don't go for speech recognition technology .
that the speech recognition technology would be cheaper the than the L_C_D_ .
I'm no I'm definit definitely not keen on going to speech recognition technologies .

you press a button to talk , and the T_V_ sound turns off .
instead of having a model which has to be trained and being a micro-controller .
I you could actually train the remote control as you're using it by saying turn volume up , and you press the press the button
if I was using a remote control to , say , turn the volume up because I can't hear it very , I don't really want to drown out what people are saying by talking when I'm instead of pressing up on a remote control .

because actually having looked at some of the remotes out there , this is quite a low price
and this brings us to the point you were mentioning before about the internet capability .
now we need to still talk about the price point
So if we can have a higher priced remote control that would really be worth something that would be worth implementing .
of increasing the unit price .
Can we can we increase the price point of this remote control ?

because if you think if you're watching T_V_ you're gonna have a lot of this background noise from the T_V_ which might interfere with the
unless we have some input some video input to the T_V_ or we have control over the T_V_ then we can't actually display that .
Like if we produce the T_V_s then we can put menus up there ,
but otherwise we need to actually have some something sitting in between the video signal and the T_V_ to superimpose those menus .
don't we have contacts with people on T_V_ or systems that exist that we can use ?
even if we have contacts we can't really produce a remote control that can bring up menus on other companies' T_V_s .

people also complain because they all have the same size of the buttons for buttons who w which are not very use
there's only a few buttons , but al each of those buttons does something different in a different context .
And was saying before about having different size buttons for different frequently used tasks ,
but also the location and shape of the buttons is important , but also the number of buttons .
maybe one option is to have a little flip-open door that that you have hidden most of the time , but contains the extra buttons like , say , the number buttons .
So spe buttons are something which is very everybody is familiar with .
So if you go to the market and you say that buttons are there the people it is ,
We are having a power button and the switch , which is not much ,
so one is the button interface which has not been shown because of lack of time .
but the average frequency of pushing buttons , it's about

So , we are going to have a meeting about the functional design .

all the functions are controlled through the L_C_D_ screen
but one possibility is to download program information into the L_C_D_ screen
, that would be a fairly cheap thing , compared to an L_C_D_ screen , to implement ,
It's it's cheaper as compared to the L_C_D_ .
So the question is still open about the L_C_D_ thing .

that a scroll wheel is actually pretty a pretty handy way of changing the channel .
the scroll wheel is much more useful if you have an L_C_D_ screen ,
If you have a list of programs on your L_C_D_ screen you just scroll to that program rather than to a channel .
the scroll wheel could be used without an L_C_D_ screen , just for changing channel numbers easily .

, so maybe it's a good time for me to to bring you to some new new informations .
Because as we are targeting T_V_ we can use T_V_ screen as a screen to feedback to give some feedback informations about what we could have .
for the same reason that we cannot informations on the T_V_ . We c we couldn't grab information which is not there .
but with the internet you have flexibility of where you get your information from .

because a lot of this can't be done for twenty five Eu Euro ,
I'm if you can sell a speech recognition remote control for twenty five Euros everyo everyone will s will buy it .
For twenty five Euro ? it's impossible .
it would be good to know if there is any leverage in that any leeway in that that twenty five Euro
because for twenty five Euro all we can really do is provide a very basic remote control ,

and for the mar our Marketing Expert should deliver some specs .
Especially if we're selling into the U_S_ market becasue there's a lot of Spanish speakers there .
I prepare a marketing report
Actually this marketing report is restricted to T_V_ remote controls .
and if you look at a lot of the universal remotes out on the market ,
and the new users , as our Marketing Expert was saying , they can use the new gizmo which is speech recognition thing .
but as he the Marketing Expert presentation was
the expert said ninety five percent .

But the thing that I find most interesting about this remote control , and it's difficult to to see in the slide , but it has a scroll wheel on it ,
which is like a mouse scroll wheel ,
So a scroll wheel is quite handy .
but also at the scroll wheel , I haven't mentioned it here ,
So apart from the speech , we can have the scroll thing with the buttons .
and then there could be another scroll button scroll scroller ,
And also , a very interesting things I've seen on the one of the comp o our competitor is this wheel that we can use to navigate .

And we decided to to go to individual actions for each of you
like f memorising channels or this actions which are not very often
And the simplest thing that a remote control does is it just change the channel .
I know when I when I use the remote to change the channel I very rarely use the numbers on the pad .
so that instead of actually saying I want to go to channel thirty seven because I know this programme's on ,
, so , one of the really useful things you can do with internet connectivity would be to have this a programme driven interface rather than the channel number .
Say you have like a little another little base unit that can also receive signals as as the television where you can , say , change the lighting in the room .
Th th you have a teletext sin signal that you can that you can get thr through the channel .

And also I di I did a study with for the incorporation of new technologies
one is the usual press buttons which are there so that the user feels that he is knoing doing some he is knowing about that technology .
it's more like , means there are different speech technologies which are existing
So your opinion is that we should go for special condition technologies ?

any beep any alarm incorporated to with the remote control every time it get lost .
because the smaller it is , the more like the liklier it is to get lost .

So unless you're targeting single people you're gonna maybe
Do you think that performance of such systems are enough to target of such technologies is enough ?
we can target , means we can target ninety five percent accuracy or somewhere ninety seven perc
So you mean yo you mean we should target something maybe which is which would be more expensive but re really fancy in terms to in terms to had to have really an added value ?
Is it that we are targeting the replacement remote market , or what ?
But then we should move to another target b because at twenty five Dollars ,
How to guarantee such performances is really hard .

So there should be something command controlled , you start and then you stop .
you can have things like the programme name instead of the channel numbers , like an interactive programme guide .
So you could have the name of the programme , you could have the start time where it's up to .
The ti the start time , all the p all the programmes
but there are the electronic programme guides out there .

except for the really main functions , which have a couple of their own buttons .
which helps when you're using multiple devices I suppose because you can have multiple functions d different functions on the screen at different times .
But there is one problem then the user has to understand each of that functionality .
but definitely you need to keep the buttons down to a minimum , but not let that interfere with the functionality of the device .
and on top of that if we are having extra functionality people are willing to shell that twenty-five Euros money which we are thinking .
You could have a l even a little image of the c the m the main actors

and we have to find the weaknesses and the improvements we could do to the current remote controls .
so it would be a good point to l to find a solution to
So if you think about it's like a in mobile phones now you don't use you don't remember people's phone number , you remember their name and you go find that name and ring it .
So if you have too many buttons it increases the difficulty of finding the one you want .
although I do also find flip-open doors a bit of a pain because sometimes they can break off or whatever ,
but maybe a door that you can permanantly remove or permanantly have on would be good .
and it's just dynamic time warping where you try to find out what it is ,
if there's some dialogue all of a sudden that I can't hear , I'm trying to actually find out what's being said ,
If you can leave it sitting on the table and you don't actually have to find it , then that could be .

user i interface could be of two types ,
Means we can have , depending on the cost , how much we can afford , we can have different interfaces .
So anyway that is the first , user interface could be of more than one type ,
you have to work on user interface ,

For the functional requirements and especially for the user requirements .
We had the new requirements from the so from the head offices of the company ,
It requir recognises particular sequence and then it gets activated .
Now for buttons , normal requirements like bit coding and all those things are required .

Also the z the design should fit the hand shape .
So it may be interesting to think in a in both prototypes , for right and left handed people .
A universal design , which is good for both the hands .
Still shaped for for your hand but not for a particular hand , right ?
, whether it's left hand or right hand ,
but don't you think that the two points are clashing , one thing you are saying design should fit the hand shape and it should not be very small ?
it can still be a , you can still extend past the hand .
which is which is easy to hand not too small , not too big .

And for voice , limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system is required and we require a microphone also to be sitting there on the remote .
wh I imagine also that the microphone will be an ambiance a an ambience microphones

I was still I was still working on this twenty five Euro price point
so you have to work on the component concept .

so Industrial Designer should wor was supposed to work on th on the working design .
So it means design should be similar to the traditional ones ?
which is it's a really important design aspect

So we have also to focus more on the internet aspects because te teletext is outdated now
it's about eighty pushes per hour , like that .
and as we have also requirements to use to push thr toward the internet .
but we want to get rid one of our requirements is to to move to teletext to to the use of internet .

It's like V_I_ editor , you are having two modes similarly .
So you have to store some templates on the on the chip itself ,
So now where the A_S_R_ decoder is sitting , similarly there are different interfaces which could be there .
and all of them they will just do the decoding and put it in the math put it in the proper message format .
And then there is the chip which is sitting , the green one ,
my personal preference was that we can have A_S_R_ sitting there on the remote control .

and finally , it should be clear that the corporate image , that means colours and logos of the co our company should be clearly inde identified in the product .
but one maybe one option , since this is supposed to be a a fashionable device , is there's a certain or factor that you can you can have with technology ,
and , that's something we may need to have as at least as an optional extra to kinda make our product , since we say we're putting the fashion in electronics .
and that seems to be against the philosophy of our company which is putting the fashion into electronics .

but if you have any o other names that we co could decide for just to keep something fun for our project we should we could discuss quickly .
we shou we should discuss this la later after this slide .
This is a this is a very important issue in discussion .
The L_C_D_ is still on disc is still open to discussion .

so first before starting I w just going to to go quickly to through the minutes of previous meeting .
so I will give a brief outline about what I prepared for this meeting .
gentlemens , we have to take some deci decisions right now .
It is up to you to go through this this way and to report me back next meeting .
Next meeting here are the task you have to work on .
I hope that next meeting we will we'll take some decision that direction .

Maybe something that sounds in English but sounds funny in Spanish .
it also like in English it sounds like the man's tool
Mando sounds Latino .
so you have man in like in in one o in one font and then the O_ as like
so let's stick f to Man Mando for the name
So in my opinion the Mando this Mando shouldn't be very small

Although you don't wanna cut cut women out of the potential buyers though ,
which is if you repeat the sa the same movement , which is not a with a not very appropriate device , you will have problems whe when you will get old .
that would be something maybe you could sell as an extra , so that it doesn't have to be part of the initial development ,
also , selling the potential of the device .
Then you say potentially you can then do other like change the lights , , close the windows , whatever , turn the heating on ,
because , I'm not exactly where we're gonna sell this , but I presume it's not gonna just be English speaking countries .
and it converts it into bit codes , and that bit codes are sent by the infrared device to the receiver .

It sh it shouldn't be symmetric symmetrical .

