There should be extra features like lid buttons , maybe a beep . If too many buttons are pressed ,
that means when you press a button there will be a s a small circuit underneath the button , and it will send some signals through the wires ,
Like you have got a signal by pressing a button .
like when you press a button , the circuit under the button will be activated
these are the circuits un underneath the buttons .

this time I'm going to concentrate more on the components and the technical side of the remote controller design .
I have just brief down few components which we require for the remote control construction .
And the other component we should we have in the remote controller is a resistor
these are all this technical electri electronic compons components which are which we have to use in a remote controller .
And if you open the remote controller you have this circui circuit board and few electronic components ,

when you press a button , when you do that , you complete a specific connection
and then the chip will send start connection and knows that which button is pressed .
Suppose you have pressed channel one button , number one you have pressed , then the chip will know that the number one button was pressed .

Then you should have a button which should which ca which can be used for increasing or decreasing the volume .
And like we have designed before we have seen some few things like instead off buttons we have some scrolls .
, on the scroll and the push-button , ca you can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button ?
like you can go for a sw switches like buttons or scrolls , which we used to do before ten years before , .
they want buttons whose functions are obvious , and they want as few buttons as possible ,
Supplements like different types of features buttons , like can have a f mute button or a swapping button .

interface designer has mentioned that the that it , , should have an on-off button ,
Now as an interface designer , I would give more emphasis on the interface , how the remote looks like
So you can design an interface which is very simple , and which is user-friendly .
User interface concept , interface type , supplements
like the switches , like we use buttons for user interface .
and the U_I_D_ is supposed to come up with the user interface design ,

Therefore , messages will be controlled in the same manner .
which we can use a highly sophisticated one because it's like the heart of the remote controller .
which is like i it is very much important for the electricity flow through the remote controller
That is the use of transist transistor we which we use in the remote controller .
this is a normal remote controller .
usually , the cases and card flat that w we see usually d a normal remote controller .
so I've really been looking at the press and the ads that are out there for other remote controllers .

So the components of the thing should be button , bulbs , infra-red bulbs , battery , chips , wires ,

and it has an interface controls w interface that controls the chip .
so that it is sellable , it is attractive to customers .
, now this is an interface for a chil for a remote which a child can use .
And this child interface has minimum buttons
attractive child interface .

And we have a circuit board in a remote controller .
you can also see the the green two green things are these are they are resistors ,
The green one is a circuit board .
So th that green thing is a circuit board ,

So a remote can be th can be designed which can have the voice recognisers , you can record your own voice
which can be recognised by as voice recogniser in the television ,
, so this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this vi voice recogniser .
And this has in-built voice recogniser .
I would like to include this feature which is called as voice recogniser .
, it's not distance problem it's recognising a person's voice ,
It will recognise my voice and will switch on .

Then there should d there should be some buttons which can control features like the colour , colour of the picture , the contrast , sharpness , brightness of the picture .
and also using of colouring compon components
like if we want to have different colours , blue , red , green , so we have to use some colouring compone components .
the components of the concept is the energy .

in general the idea is that it should be something that is not difficult to use .
Every button , every individual button , has its own morse code .
Suppose the user has pressed butto button one , then it will have a spe the circuit will generate a specific morse code to b that button ,
That's a d a morse code has been generated by the integrated circuit .

and also has mentioned an interesting feature that it should have maybe a channel lock .
Particularly with maybe small children that they couldn't watch a channel that is undesirable .
This messages could be switch on-off message or switch to next channel message or swapping the channels or switching onto a particular channel ,
by which using which you can swap the channels if you don't want to see the third channel you can swap it to the fourth channel or vice versa .
and next button channel by which you can keep on v scrolling the channels one by one .
, if you want to see we if you want to see the ninth channel if you say just say ninth channel , th now the , the remote will automatically it will switch to the ninth channel .

also mentioned was it should be it should have a very short learning curve .
maybe it should have electri electrici electricity saving feature .
So this is one of the very important feature a remote control can have .
A very simple interface which has all the t important features .
And we should develop one or two features we can really dwell on in our ad campaign .
If we try to tell people it has too many great features , the consumer just gets confused and we don't get anywhere .

And even possibly a timer to so that people can program their favourite program on th right from the remote .
. Now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television .
Then , there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular program which is going on a television .
, if you are watching a French program and you would like to have a subtitles in English , then there should be a channel which can trigger this mechanism in the television so that the user can see the subtitles on the screen .
like around eight o'clock I want to see the news in the television .

and all the important buttons are there in this small , compact ,
and my findings from this is that , , small is beautiful .
They don't want to have to squint at small print ,

Now the most important feature I would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature .
So speech recognition is most important as far as you're concerned ?
because a speech recogniser like i it has its own problems , issues .
or like her speech recognition would also be a supplement .
Her speech recognition feature would be a supplement .
, so why don't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is .

It pros produces a mors morse code line signal specific to that button .
Now , that signal , that morse code , has to be amplified by the transistor .
that when it sees the amplified mo morse code signal , then it will know which what action it has to do .

Bright , colourful , trendy design , and strong .
Trendy design and compact .
Trendy design , compact and strong .

a diode , a transistor , a resonator ,
and di and a diode transistor .
all of the electronic components have all those things like a chip and d diode transistors an

the different systems that exist are infra-red or radio-waves .
So the T_V_ will have some recogniser which will recognise the user's voice and accordingly it will change its functionalities .
So sometimes the user finds it very difficult to recognise which button is for what function and all that .
And the personal preference would be a spe to incorporate speech recognisers which will respond to user's voice for a particular function .
So to get a good recogni recognising system , it's a costly thing , .
, you have a T_V_ system , I'm the user and my family members are the user ,

Her personal favourite was it should be T-shaped .
Then , these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour , but they have many buttons .
and a cylinder shape , that one is a capacitor .
And I've been looking around at what designs every year different things are popular .
And in my research this year I found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular .

Now this is a big over-sized remote which cannot be misplaced or it's impossible to misplace .
So this is a jumbo universal remote control and it's impossible to im misplace or lose .
the too big to misplace , it's just funny .

Our technical manager has then said that she feels it should have a chip
like you can see a chip there which is having eighteen pins ,
you can see the T_A_ double one eight three five labelled chip .
and also for electronics we can use a simple and regular re or an advanced chip on the print ,

we have five minutes to the end of the meeting .
And then when I'm out in people's houses or at meetings or anything like that , I try to notice what remote controls people have ,
And what we really have to decide in this meeting is the concept of the remote .
. our next meeting will be in thirty minutes ,
and we come back in thirty minutes , according to our timetable here .

Actually , building a circuit bo board is pretty easy and also it's a l inexpensive .
it's it costs less than what you print on a paper ,
because when you when you are building some circuits some circuits and also wires , it's better to go for printing ,
because you can build these k circuit boards on a bulk and it's just printing , nothing like , , you don't need to use wires and all .
Tha tho those prints will acti act as wires and ci circuits .

and the transistor will amplify the signal and send then to the L_E_D_ which translates the signal into infrared light .
It will amplify the signal and it will send it to the L_E_D_ and which translates the signal into an infra infrared bits .
The sensor on the T_V_ can see the infrared light , and seeing the signal re it reacts appropriately ,
it will he get some signals from it and it will it will ch its ch se send a signal signals to the , , integrated circuit .
also infra it includes the infrared se sender .

It's an integrated progra programmable sample sensor speaker unit .
I don't think that's gonna be our impulse purchase at the checkout counter .
the first one is case to keep all the components like integrated circuit , battery , etcetera ,
And the second important thing is integrated circuit .
the for the movie just to j develop samples and so spe sample speaker .

it's also an item that people lose a lot .
so that the people are buying it now because , in particular with smaller items , that's a very important fact ,
and maybe a display clock so that people could you could see the time , , what show they want to watch .
are we all in agreement that's about what we discussed last time ?
Then also we can If it is a rechargeable one , then people can use it for a long time ,
I s I spend a lot of time on the internet surfing around doing the same thing .
people like something that really fits in their hand .
so that we have a leg up on time to sell it and push it before other people get out their Christmas item .

he can bring the volume down and he can watch he can while talking he can watch the T_V_ .

Suddenly if viewer he gets a telephone call , and if he want he doesn't want to switch off the T_V_ , but he can reduce the sound ,
And this has multi-purpose use , it can be used for T_V_ , it can be used for cable-satellite , it can be used for V_C_R_ , D_V_D_s and audio .
So I'll say just good morning and the T_V_ will switch on .

If it is not efficient then everything wi is going to be like the lef ess less efficient so it you should we should have a highly sophisticated one .
b but a b a push-button requires a simple chip underneath it , but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range .
Like for s scrolls we have to go for a sophisticated and k full a complete chip .
They are more back into soft feel , spongy feeling things , things with maybe a little cloth on them .

if we will be able to make a res rechargeable battery then we sh we need not go for a high performance battery ,
even if it is a low performance battery it ca it can't l it can't charge much .
so in that way we can cut the cost , but w that we have to make the battery as rechargeable one .
and a as energy source we offer a basic battery , a more ingenious hard dynamo , a kinetic provision of energy ,
more than what is that you shake casually to provide energy . So that also we can have in a battery ,

in the last meeting the marketing manager had presented her method of working ,
from everyone to see how she best could market this product at the within the budget that was given .
In addition to that to make it sell , , the marketing manager w wishes that it be very attractive ,
No , her presentation was good , and she really explored all the options . .
and the marketing expert has to present her thing .
alright , my method is I'm interested in what the competition is doing , and wanna see how we can make ourselves different from the competition ,
and our preference is , as far as I'm concerned , are we got to get to the market before the competition .
and the marketing expert with the product evaluation .
In this phase , the two of you , Jana and Francine , have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay , it says here .

And the material should possibly be not of non-allergic nature .
hard plastic , so that it can be strong ,
Like we can have a ma material such as plastic , rubber , wood , titanium ,
And people are tired of hard plastic and hard metal .

it's like your recording of all a question already , and then you're expecting an answer from th
I will already record a question like , good morning ,
You will receive specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches .
if you have any questions , , you can always contact me or or your coach , I suppose .

the product can be de delivered into different cases .
It's gotta look cute , it's gotta look appealing .
So we've gotta narrow our selection down to li two things , , that we gonna say are really great about our new product .

meaning gathering i suggestions
And it should be with equipped with timer and alarm facility .
and also a capac a capacitor , three resistors and also a resonator

can you see the black , round marks ?

And it should be resistant to high as as low temperatures .
Suppose if it is thirty-eight degrees outside forty degrees outside , it should be able to re resist the temperature highs and high temperatures and low temperatures .

