, but you don't move a remote control too much .
, there're some overall thoughts about new remote controls .
, I'm not because for that to happen , you d you will have to receive a signal from the remote control , so it would , , have to be constant constant signalling .
What m what may be better is to incorporate an a separate device that that you can program with the remote control .
besides the remote control , you'll have a separate
but at same instant , same happens when you have remote control . So

Would you prefer that you can choose the colour of your remote control or
If I got kids , and I could choose between two remote controls . One w with parent control and one without , and I would buy the one with .
But , only difference is the the people buying the remote control will now get the f added feature of parental control ,
And you can just s when you buy it , you can select personal preference , parental control on , and the password .
Just have the parents buy some glue and It's not a part of the remote .

And third , I stick with it , the log-in functionality with the slogan , take parental control to a new dimension .
And the volume control and program control maybe .
that parental control is a good function to to put in the remote .
, system properties , parental control .
. Pu push parents .
, you could say if parental control is only it'll go from fourteen to sixteen with the page-up then , but
So you could actually easily build in parental control .
, you could easily you could easily to the mote control .
The parental control will be incorporated , but it must be not too complex .

They , , they like more the they like the traditional materials , like wood and such more .
where whereas the young and dynamic , they like a more soft materials .
a soft material for a remote control ?
That's the material the younger people want , ain't it ?
, but wood is not a material you which you build a remote control of .

Here , think about removable covers , as seen in mobile telephon telephone market . To customise your own remote control .
Like the Nokia the removable covers , just put a red on it and go to the shop and buy a green one .
And it adds safety to your remote when you drop it . So
if my grandad would buy this remote , he wouldn't want to bother with all the things to do .
As long as it's isn't a primary feature of the remote ,
So , the remote does doesn't transmit when it's after twelve clock .
What other companies had to also with the marketing campaign when they put on a newer remote , just some . Import export .
When you put on remote , you see a a just like when you telephone , you see a little animation .
And , the marketing expert will ke he will be keeping busy with the product evaluation .

And make the menu structure changeable .
And use your other hands on the menu structure .
And , down here , , I added , this could be one big L_C_D_ . , the menu structure .
, know that if you are changing the menu structure here ,
But , m my preference would to be put it in the menu structure .
Is t some menu function , you choose parental control , and maybe four files will emerge from menu where put it on .
What I was thinking about is just a menu structure , when you don't use it is simple .

No , but d , you pick it up and you press buttons and y , you
, always display the primary buttons clear and visible .
t have some other options that are not programmable with one horizontal button .
And maybe use your thumb on the main buttons .
So here are gonna be the program buttons . One , two , three , four , et cetera .
And if you're using that button a lot of times , the menu will still be displayed on the screen .
The buttons will be touch-screen . but there may not be too many buttons .
In the experts view , you have a lot of more buttons .

, m multiple system options can , maybe five or ten or one , can fit in .
Just make it an option in menu , ins install powerful profiles .
, on a separate menu option .
Ye best would be to put it in and make it an menu option .

Because you'll have to start working with the profiles and such .
Just make through a remote as it is , but make an option to insert profiles ,
If we do it , we must do it in a ways that like a profile , a parent profile , and a family profile , and otherwise .
N , next meeting starts in thirty minutes .

So , we must we must bring it as if Real Reaction is is big company , a trustful company ,
R_ three . Real Reaction remote .
I had a I had another idea to put the whole idea of Real Reaction and a single brand and that thing .
Real Reaction remote .
But keep an eye on your laptops for a real

, in my second sheet of personal preferences , we have to reconsider the speech function recognition .
One thing you've gotta keep in mind , keep the remote clear of too much functions at the same time .

, that gives you a younger and more high-tech look , I f I figured .
, we discussed it in a previous meeting , so I figured I'll just leave it at the L_C_D_ .
But if we decide to go on a n L_C_D_ screen , we would use an we have to use an a advanced chip set .
, tra traditional versus L_C_D_ , I figured we all set on that .
I figure if we go for L_ L_C_D_ , we should have the advanced .
I figure if you had two different remotes , you could bo choose one with a receiver in it .

When your parents are watching some boring program , you can take the remote and do something else .
Or if you're watching Studio Sports on on seventeen , and your wife is watching some soap on two
How I see it is you put it on the remote and then you have like a Windows log-on screen with parents , children .
You don't want to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and twenty seconds for the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings .
No but most people find it much more important that their children don't watch sex or violence on the television , and ten or fifteen seconds longer , so they can finally watch it because of that .
And if you w you push p children , you don't have to log in , but you can only watch children's channels or
because you , you read many times in magazines same , and you heard on the news that that he , they believe that children are influenced by the television ,
because if you're watching , I , you're in the at day , cartoons will come up m on maybe Friday night . I .

Because it's a simple function , but it's gonna take a lot of resources and a lot of time to programming it .
, that doesn't cost a lot of extra resources , .
, you could actually build in a function that you can program it yourself , for the more advanced users .

But if you're programming the colour of the T_V_ , do not display twenty other options that are possible .
And when you push system properties , entire list pops up with e ev all f you can program .

if we are going to use traditional buttons , we could go with a simple chip set .
If it isn't manageable budget-wise , we'd have to go over to to sim to simple buttons .
And , then also the simple versus advanced .
that's a just simple PowerPoint mock-up
You c may use like when there's X_P_ , a simple log-on , d you just push one or two or three .
w It just has to be w when it's deliver out of the store , it has to be just simple and plain .

, furthermore , , plastic versus rubber ?
You We could choose what's better , plastic or rubber .
I ch prefer rubber because it feels .
Plastic also has that cheap feeling to it ,
I usually associate plastic with something that's cheap .
, plastic versus rubber . Any ideas ?
, isn't possible to make combination with rubber is or bendable remotes where you've got a .
Nah , rubber c this is a casing , . Rubber casing ,
so what are the opinions ? rubber or plastic ?

I've figured it out that , seeing that you'll always be within the l distance of T_V_ , and the from T_V_ there comes a whole bunch of light .
And , , you kn you all know the T_V_ levels .
Just m most modern T_V_s , you press one zero , and it goes to ten .
I i if we in incorporate the parental control , let's say we do , and whatever , cho child just goes up to the T_V_ and presses up .
And and w when you install another device , children can still go up to the T_V_ , p pop open the thing and g
But I don't think when you're watching T_V_ , hearing loud noises from the T_V_ , someone screaming one , and you f the channel switches , .
, but T_V_s aren't capable of sending .
at least my T_V_ , is a compartment which you can press .

, we're going to sell tell ten millions of them .
, channel one , two . And when you get to n to to ten , ye and want to go back , you have a problem .
You're thinking about some channels they cannot see , but , I when , , for the f for all the standard channels , and only for maybe after ten o'clock in the evening violent films and movies will come
, nob nobody's stopping the child from checking the channel .
, maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs , where the parent says , you cannot watch channel seven , nine , and ten , and you cannot watch all channels after ten o'clock .
Because you can like build in a back-forward button , and some po somebody would just want to watch two channels .

And we must reach a decision on the remote control concepts .
The the concepts on we where we must reach a decision on . , our from are of two sorts .
Components concepts and user interface concepts .
, the user interface concept . , with the type and the supplements .
the industrial development centre and user interface will work together on a prototype .

And they like sports and gaming , and that gives them the vitality .
You you can see that the market is just screaming for new technologies , like speak speech recognition and .
, building games like Snake or Tetris to amuse the younger users .
, but you don't use that th games when you watching television , .
No , . But you don't use games when you're d when you're making a telephone call .
you take your IPac and go play games .
You just don't have to play games in-between .
The parental control , the games , and the voice recognition .
. And what do you guys think of the games in the voice recognition ?
A mail too from management that it's very popular to use voice recon recognition .

, also it's a good idea , buts very difficult to incorporate .
Like the first idea from You can buy it without and with parental contr control ? Or are we going to put it in and just
Knowledge engineering and the fact that that the idea of knowledge , sharing and learning knowledge from other companies is like that .
, another thing is there were there was a survey , and it came out that people like to buy things from a single large provider , instead of those who are partnering with us .
. But w th the idea from this thing is that we must present it as a as we are a single large provider who will stand on our own .

traditional or a touch screen .
, that touch-screens are generally square .
but if you have a square L_C_D_ screen , and you put a case around it that has like bulbs or that covers part of the L_C_D_ screen .
But , the main concept is take one big touch screen .
, if you have the l L_C_D_ screen , you can you can have a small logo i at the bottom .

, , I ca I could show you . I could show you .
, maybe it can work with show view .
, you can control your video recorder with show view .
, when you tick in a number , it will start and end recording .
But maybe there's some option that that t the show view numbers are violent , and that they are blocked out .
, the disadvantage vantage is that someone will has to send all the show-view numbers of the programs that they remotes and edit it all ,
Maybe it's handy to build in an expert view and a simple view .
, you can show somebody a logo for point five seconds , they'll still remember it .

Can you can you reload it or just have batteries which you must exchange ?
But the two basic sources that I found were the best possible were the battery versus kinetic .
kinetic , that's when you move something , then it gets energy .
, and you could use normal light , but you wouldn't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery .
I prefer kinetic because it's , the costs aren't that much higher , and , ju just a bit more high-tech than a normal battery .
But , what l what Jarek said , you could use a battery that you'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves .
And for rest , you'd just add juice on the battery .
And when the battery doesn't work , I usually shake it too . So
what i what are your ideas concerning battery versus kinetic ?
, you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic .
Buy a fifty cents battery and
. So we have decided on the things that from Janus , the energy , the combination between battery and kinetic .

, soft and fluffy and colourful and
Very basic colours , like Janus explained .
, fresh colours , green , red , strawberry red , yellow , banana yellow .
Like big g flashy colours . Fresh .
We have to aim at a mu at the main audience . And , therefore use fresh colours .
Do not have to select a screen first and then brightness and then colour and un-plus , and push plus twenty times .

, what I did was I reviewed previously used items by two different age groups .
And watch what the differences are and I checked , , what d do we want , and how can we d aim a at the target group .
Our main audience , so that's people below forty , prefer the following .
, our secondary audience , people above forty a forty years in age , they like the dark traditional colours .
, we're aiming to below forty years .
But there are a lot of people will below forty who have children in young age who want to not watch violent or

But if you're really switching between two channels , you won't have time to d use the other options .
I if it's worth the time and effort we are going to spend on it .
And I'm not if it's actually worth investing that much time and effort into it .
and maybe some timing will be needed instead of of channels ,

I figured , that's ki kinda high-tech , when you have a remote control that , when you pick it up , it has power .
but when the power gets low , you have to shake it ?
and you wouldn't have the full amount of power actually used .
if it isn't , you just shake it a bit and add with power up again .
R_ th R_ to the third power .
But the most specific instructions will be sent to you by email .

U usually , chips are aren't more expensive than one dollar .
, it shouldn't flop over when you hold it in your hand
No , that that's gonna The the chip set will hold it firm in place ,
, it's you've gotta hold it in one hand .
So the middle like all remotes have to be in a little bit small , so you can put it in inside your hands .

You ha I you sim you simply add a basic standard model
So , a and that way you could make cheap model and a expensive model .
Could ma make the simple model and the deluxe model , .

, have you considered the option of using a solar panel ?
But about solar panel is you have to have l light .
for ultimate b n use of solar panels , you could actually use
you could use solar panels , but you ha you'd have to implement them into the remote control , leaving you a bit less space for the interface .
you could y It leaves more space for creativity .
Like you have those fake fake panels on the floor .

but you could have a whole new the back the depth , you could just play around a bit with .
It might even bounce back when you drop it on the floor .
what do you think about a back-and-forth come-up button ?

Hey , Project Manager .
No , a little problem , big problem .
That's the Project Manager's problem .
You could just blame it on television and make it their problem .

Welcome to the conceptual design meeting
So I bet a big company in Korea or Taiwan , like Samsung , can give us a big discount on the chips , so
I'll I'll just add , I put a big summary here , so we could discuss it a bit .
we can discuss a little about the three revolutionary things Tim came with .

, shapes are curved and round .
we could go for the single curved or the double curved .
, single curve , it's just a , , , it's just a curve .
Or but you could go in a in an double curves . And that's like several different dimensions .
And then we have single-curved versus double-curved .
The case will be double-curved and rubber , in a fr flashy fruity colour that with cover is removable .

I went to Paris and Milan for some trend-watching .
Our research and development department and I went to Paris and Milan .
In Paris and Milan , we asked different people , differing in age and in income , the amount of money to spend , what they like in design and material nowadays .
, it fits within the current market trends .
to come back to your question , and the people in Milan and Paris also think that the rubber should be pretty hard .

, and at the end , I , when I finish it off I have some input from a master class I visited . information .
and at the end of the minutes will be at the shared folder .
I went to a master class and two things are can come in handy for us .
And with the with the motto , we put fashion in electronics .
Who who gave you the master class ?

Like seen on regular mobile phones .
, also the link with mobile phones .
It it's just like a globe in Internet Explorer .

I have to consult my legal advisor about it .

