like before we I have to redo the meetings from n th the minutes from the last meeting
it was discussed in the last meeting which was opened by the presentation from the interface
designer that looks would be very important on this new remote
It should have nine channel buttons , a next button , volume buttons , subtitle buttons , switch to control features , colour contrast , sharpness etcetera .
It should have a memory switch , a mute button in case the telephone rings .
speech recognition is one of her very f favourite personal features she would like see d to be integrated in this in this new remote .
Should be child friendly design with few buttons ,
colourful maybe with s star shaped or other shaped buttons .
she presented also an oversized remote which she guarantees nobody will ever be able to lose .
But her very f personal favourite really she , she would very much like to see a speech recogniser integrated in this remote .
The industrial designer presented her thoughts on the issue .
She would like a special case made out of plastic that is very strong , not using any harmful materials , should be recyclable and should be colourful .
Should have an integrated circuit board that's highly sophisticated and temperature resistant .
She would like to see a timer and or alarm facility integrated .
technically this thing would also have a resistor and a capacitor , diode transistor , resonator ,
And how it would works , you press the button , the chip is morse code related relays the to the generat to the generator amplification
and the circuit board is very inexpensive to build
She would like this whole thing should be push buttons with a simple chip
scrolling method is more expensive and not that practical anymore .
Should be battery operated and she would have the special cases .
The marketing expert who has to finally come up with to market this product has been watching the competition , has done some research on the internet and also has used h her personal observations to come up with the fact that such a remote sh should be small , easy to use and it should be eye catching .
From her point of view one of the most important facts is that we should get to market before our competition does .
To do that maybe one or two features should be developed on which we could dwell on or in other words on which our campaign could be built on .
Too many new features or too many points would only confuse matter .
So we prefer to have one or two features that can be really driven home .
it should have a fruit and vegetable design and should have a soft feel .
She feels that's really what people want today .
And the decision that we took last time was that the special feature we would like to see is a speech recogniser ,
the energy should be battery should be on a chip ,
should be trendy design , compact and strong ,
And that concludes the presentation from the last minutes from the last meeting .
Now we are ready for the presentation of the prototype .
the button part I'll explain .
This is a model of the remote control which we are going to build .
this is us in a snail shape so it is attractive
bright and it has yellow buttons and all the different colour buttons
and also i it will be easily fit into the hands and you can access all the buttons easily .
the material which we are going to use for the case is plastic
the material is plastic and for the buttons it is s soft rubber
because you'll be touching the buttons more so it is soft when you touch it .
And then for the for the led , for the light emitting diode it is a fluorescent green
and it's a it is a bulb like an ordinary infrared .
and the button's part will be explained by F Francina .
we decided upon including certain features on our remote .
Now these features includes the s signal emitting signal it's the led or L_E_D_ the infrared .
Now we have included the switch on and off button .
Now we have included another feature that is the mute button
for controlling the programmes the different channels .
We have also included two buttons for increasing or decreasing the volume .
And we have also included two buttons for scrolling up and scrolling down the programme channels .
Now our model also contains a button which is called as the menu button .
we have included a button which is fluorescent green colour
and this is the menu button which will control the colour , sharpness , brightness
We have also included a button which is called as the swapping button .
Now this is a special , special feature which we have included .
Now this button is an elongated shaped button and this is slightly flexible
so if it is turned towards the right it will take to the previous channel , if it is turned towards the right it will take to the next channel .
It will take the user to the previous and the next channel
The next channel in the numeric pattern , or
No , swapping is if example you're you're watching the second channel and then you go to the tenth channel and if you want to go back to the second channel you can swap , this button .
And at the end , it this remote has inbuilt voice recogniser which c which will recognise the user's voice and then it'll act accordingly .
give her suggestion whether it'll be sellable or it'll be cost effective .
and it's easily reachable even for somebody with a small hand , ?
and if you hold it in the centre of your hand you can even reach it over here so you don't have to turn it around , turn it upside down , move it up , up and down ,
I like the idea that the on-off button is in a really prominent place .
No , these the front buttons which are here , are the mute buttons .
So if you're left-handed or right-handed it doesn't matter .
And this brings the menu up on the screen ?
This brings the menu up on the screen
these two are th to increase or decrease the volumes ,
and these two are to scroll the programme channels .
Scroll up or scroll down the channels .
will there be anything written on the buttons , like that people know , or they have to learn that from a piece of paper which button does what ?
Yes , it will have these buttons will have the numbers and all the rest of the buttons will have symbols .
Will have symbols so that that the user really knows and doesn't have to first learn it
because we need the symbols we're going into an international market we can't have anything that's language dependent .
But anyway it would ha i it has to have some symbols , text so that people kn
Symbols on it . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm .
it will be printed on the case and symbols as as the buttons . .
and one more feature is we have a holder for this remote which is an oyster shape .
and we could have some little comic effect on our marketing about how this is a rapid snail like that
Now what , what are our special features for the marketing ?
That's really the voice recognition that's really unusual
voice recognition is our big selling point
And then , and then the other thing would be sh shape or practicality of use .
that everybody's gonna say their remote control is practical .
cutest remote control on the block .
play with the snail image
energy source we say that's battery , right ?
T cell or chart you are trying to change is protected .
She told me I could just ch change it here and then it would
Can you just fill it in the yellow boxes ? Or
kinetic source so that's in the energy source that's all we need .
electronics , simple chip on print ?
regular chip on print . No .
case , uncurved flat , single curved , double curved .
Case materi s supplements .
Rubber , because we're gonna have the soft buttons .
that is f for rubbers that is case material .
And then we have to interface push buttons .
Integrated scroll wheel ,
, button supplement special colour ?
And special material , rubber , wood , yes .
financing was pretty simple .
Now we would like to have a presentation by the marketing expert on production evaluation .
, my method for s m the marketing of this thing is first to ask the big question , will it sell ?
And we should show this prototype to people from various age and socio-economic groups
And show the prototype to consumer research groups ,
we don't s want somebody to suddenly come to us and tell us that this button is toxic and some child will swallow it and then we won't sell any .
, now the things that I was thinking and th my wish list has really been realised in this prototype .
I wanted the shape to be biomorphic , I didn't want anything with angles and all square , I wanted it to be comfy and roundy
the colour's bright and warm which is what we wanted .
and the way this is shaped , even though it's gonna be hard plastic , it feels good in your hand
And functionality I put last on my list because people aren't going to use it before they buy it .
So paradoxically the other features , in other words , the look , the feel and the shape , that's what people are gonna get in the store .
They don't have a television in the store , they can't play with it .
so they'll be our main selling points .
and th these points are in the importance for the , for the marketing , these aren't i in how I feel .
that it's plenty small enough to sell
The colours are bright and warm and we really do great job there .
And then functionality you did a really good job on functionality ,
we could have ad added different functions but then we'd disturb something else
In the financing there was no room for our voice recogniser .
, we had what , eight euros twenty as our cost ?
maximum we have another four point three euros four thirty .
But we have no way of presenting that to management as as a f finished , as a finished product and saying with the voice recogniser that costs so much .
as we know in today's technic technological world you can do just about anything at any price , the problem is quality .
So we're just gonna have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us .
And it may not be the greatest quality but it may sell anyway .
but recog remembered that there was no that was not included that there was no room for any special features , ?
You wanna go to this next slide , marketing expert ?
And I'm supposed to present this scale on the whiteboard .
I gave it a four , , I feel it's just average .
I really like all those bright , warm colours .
Taking into consideration texture and comfort in the hand .
where I admit I was a little hard on our team here , but
the other things you have more is are more tangible so from that point of view
the functionality's the only place where maybe we have to think about m maybe , heaven forbid , having another meeting .
Anybody else have any other comments or any other things that we feel we should evaluate ?
Here is what we looking at satisfaction on room for creativity .
Is there more room for creativity or are we happy ?
We can make the buttons few buttons smaller .
so we can just have small buttons and more buttons in that case . If we want to have more features than that .
then again if we're gonna do the speech recognition thing we're gon there gonna be some buttons that are gonna have to be added for that for the recording of the speech .
maybe we can eliminate one of the mute buttons , instead of having two mute buttons .
, definitely , , two mu mute buttons .
and a couple of other th maybe comp consolidate some of the usage an and see what we can do with that .
Y al always bearing in mind that right now we are within the budget
we need we need to leave space money-wise for the voice recogniser .
So th the question really is how do we feel with the project process ?
, are we happy with the creativity that has passed here
or we're not happy with the new product we created or that was created ?
personally I'm pretty happy .
and then the next question is are we happy with the leadership of this project ?
you've done a good job , Miss leader .
I d I do too we worked together as a team , . Mm-hmm .
and fortunately we all had slides presentation which made it a little easier .
Today we have apple juice and after we sell m million of 'em we have champagne .
Feasible from the production point of view and feasible from a marketing point of view .
But we were told we could end the final meeting at any time , whenever we felt we were finished .
It'll take me the rest of the time to get my microphone out from my necklace .