before I start with the meeting I have a few things to tell you about the setting we're in ,
because we're being watched by Big Brother .
so we don't have our laptops in front of the cameras .
that will be done with a tool training from the he these two smart boards .
and discussion about that and a little closing at the end .
I'm the User Interface Designer .
my function is the Marketing Expert .
the aim is to make a new remote control .
maybe you have read read the website .
because at the detailed design , how , part two , we go to dig in really about how the te the technical of If it's it's possible technical-wise .
each stage is is broken up in two two stages , individual work and a meeting .
This one is for the presentations , the PowerPoint presentations or the Word presentation of whatever you you had .
This is called a smart board
and as you may have heard , the documents in the shared folder can be showed on this screen . Not in y the My Documents .
So if you wanna show something , put it in the shared folder .
This is very straightforward , with the save , the print , the undo , the blank , the select , the pen .
we must not forget everything we draw on here , all must be saved .
At the white board on the left . Every every one of us must draw our favourite animal ,
important is that we use different colours , and different pen widths . Widths .
this exercise , did the company board tell you to do it ,
Would you start with drawing your favourite animal ?
Do not touch your hand on this little thingy here .
he looks like the the lion from The Lion King .
Because we have twen twenty five minutes .
Remember you use different colours , and different pen widths .
choose a pen width
You don't have to change the colour and the pen width during the drawing .
You have to draw push hard on the pen
Because my cat is red at home .
I liked Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles .
It's inside its shell . You'll be finished sooner .
Tim , what kinda line width did you have ?
we had a dog , a few years ago .
a Graphical User Designer , so
Think you picked the wrong function . Wrong job .
So you can see it's real really a easy programme to use . Not difficult .
After a cat , a turtle and a dog .
I'm gonna design a remote remote control animal .
Remote control animal .
with the interface , it might be easier to ha to draw here and display there .
But at the other hand , a pen like that is easy to hold in your hand ,
I m like like on here , drawing . And then displaying on screen , but
W with this paper it's too mu too expensive .
It's a rabbit with broken legs ?
It's the white rabbit from The Matrix .
There , the g white green rabbit .
I figured this is a pretty b good impression of a rabbit .
I figured the rabbit was actually the most impressive .
the selling price for the remote will be twenty five Euro ,
and the production cost may not be more than twenty and a half Euro .
from my point of view , I don't think it's gonna be very very high tech , high definition , ultra modern kinda remote , for twelve fift twelve and a half Euro .
the profit we must make with the new remote is fifty million Euro .
Hundred million remotes ?
w when the selling price is twenty five , you got two million , two million remotes .
But our marketing range is , market range is international .
So we have virtually the whole world we can sell
You can think about experience with a remote control yourself , at home .
What what can distinguish our new trendy remote control from all the others .
what's the most important thing at a remote control ?
the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels .
So not a remote control who which can can be used for television and a D_V_D_ and radio
Can I show them on the big screen ? Maybe ?
in case you want it This is a dead fly . Between the , , the
Is it possible to open pen drawings in this on this screen ?
when it is in Word and you have saved it in the Shared Documents folder , you can show it there .
I have some points from marketing point of view .
just the standard thing li things like intuitive , small , fairly cheap .
it's pretty cheap , twenty five Euros .
brand independent . , it doesn't have to matter which brand your T_V_ or other thing is .
most of the remote c remote controls are just for one purpose .
And by making it multi-purpose , it has a new feature , adds a new feature to the market ,
and distinguish from from current products .
I rather find it very annoying , like when someone is standing in front of the T_V_ then you can't switch it .
think about sending it over radio waves or bluetooth .
that , when you're on a certain channel , you can see on the L_C_D_ screen what programmes are coming up or
you got some cheap remote controls there .
But when you enter a new market with a remote control and
wanna gain market share
at the beginning of such a project , it's it's very to talk about , , this would be , that would be .
but we must not lose sight of the user friendly
I anything about user interface or design .
next meeting will start in thirty minutes .
where I presume will be some feedback , via the m the mail .
the Industrial Designer has to look at the working design .
the User Interface Designer has to look at the technical functions .
I figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually .
make some mock-ups , some general ideas .
But maybe , because you are working on the user requirements ,
you are working on the technical functions ,
So you don't come up with the user requirements who don't fit the technical functions .
if the technical functions have to be designed , I've gotta know for what machines they will be .
each individually i individually must think on what's at his point of view is the most important .
And then we're going to fit all the pieces together the next meeting .
You will receive specific instructions by your personal coach .