and even the good thing about this is that eighty percent of users they are willing to pay high pay more for this good looking remote controls also .
And the second thing , some companies they think that they should have more and more functions of the users or in their remote controls ,
but rather than those having more functions in the remote controls we should emphasise what actually consumer want , what they operate , rather than making it too complicated .
so there is no point of having ninety percent buttons making the remote controls too bulky , too complicated too expensive a because I believe that technology is useful only if the consumers they want to use it .
So this will not only reduce the cost of our remote controls but it will increase our profit also .
So it should be in such a way that it should be easy to learn how to operate these remote controls
They need not to have any , much technical knowledge to see to know how to operate these remote controls .
These are two leading remote controls at the moment .
If you if you can build space craft you'll have no problem with a remote control , .
as you can see the remote control have parts and those parts look like that
whether people would require teletext in a remote teletext option in a remote control .
and means they forget where they have kept the remote control last time .
Both these factors both these points will help them to locate the where they have kept this remote control ,
that will activate the remote control starts to beep .
So like a backwards remote from the telly .
and then the remote control would know what's being produced by the television .
, that w more than finding it , that was more like if you're watching a film in the dark , you can still see the remote control .
, a consideration too is that these remotes get abused a lot ,
A_M_I_ scenario controller .
and it feels a bit different from all the other remote controls .

If we look at the costs whether the consumers they are willing to pay more for speech recognition in a remote control or not , we can find that they up to a thirty five years age group we have a very good disliking for this point , like for speech recognition in a remote control .
So , I noticed your talk about speech recognition and whistling ,
And a novel feature which we just brought up was this automatic speech recognition feature or noise detection feature for when you lose the remote ,
Is that just switches on the speech recognition and it's entirely speech operated , is it ?
but since we're a cutting edge company , we will have alternatives like speech recognition , whistling recognition and rocket power
speech recognition potentially ,
But if we add speech recognition as as glow in the dark then both these factors will help their locating the remote control ,
I know of no products that use speech recognition .
there was a remote control that came out two years ago that had a some basic speech recognition on it .
and that also takes out the speech recognition in terms of the interference of it not working very and things like that ,
, it takes cheap speech recognition ,
we're gonna scratch the speech recognition as a bit of a
And it'd be a small vocabulary speech recognition system ,
, speech recognition , limited buttons , organic design .

we have to take care of this fact also like our design , should be appropriate , should be good looking for the consumers .
which maybe which may seem quite high but if our looks are if the re remote control we design have a good better better look designs , then we can hope that consumers will prefer these g remote controls .
, so I'm the interface design designer ,
So I looked at existing designs
So as the Industrial Designer my job is to take an input from you guys ,
and having personally worked with all these products I have a great deal of experience with with industrial design of these .
so here's , a great schematic that my apprentice designer gave me .
and we wouldn't be in a company designing remote controls if we didn't they were so
more complicated design that rav Raj

, me again , Rajan the Marketing Expert .
then the methodology I adopted to find out all this was market survey .
A a detailed market survey on consumers was done to find out their likings and dislikings , what they prefer what they not prefer , w what problems they do encounter in all this type of things .
And what we got was , we found that if you , what they th what problems they are having with different remote controls available in the market .
Seventy five percent of users they do find it that the remote controls available in the market are ugly .
even if the market goes for the available remote control is less even then we can sell it at twenty five Euros ,
if we look at this data how h how what are the problems the consumers are facing with the existing remote controls in the market .
They find that thirt thirty five percent thirty four percent of the consumers they find too difficult to operate a remote control .
actually it's really very important point as if we look at the market
I thin we'll just pretend that's not a problem .
no , that was going on ravs Raj's marketing research I .

that's a good idea actually I like the programmable options .
So sorta strike a balance between a few and a
then an another thing was about this losing the remote and trying to find it again .
If you do have this sorta speech interface to it , you don't even need to find it .
And it could be somewhere in the room y that you've no idea where it is and it would still do its job .
Alright , so n sorta if we're gon if we're gonna go with the idea of of feedback , remote finder , then that kinda stuffs that one out then .
the find the finder things it's I could probably write the circuit diagram for that myself .
that takes back the R_F_ the R_F_ remote idea as .

Because mostly it has been found that fifty percent of the users they use only ten percent of the buttons ,
, F_ five and escape'll bring it back and just the left button for advancing .
left mouse button .
so what we can miss out on the buttons we can make up for in design and how it looks .
right , so more low tech and not too many buttons .
and practical limitations which I kinda threw out the window .
as for the user interface problem , , too many buttons . Give it one button
we also want to limit the number of buttons
On the number of buttons , functions and .
So we'll stick with programmability for the buttons that we do have .

and I and that most of the users of the rem T_V_ are belong to this age group .
which include , , space craft , coffee makers , and bullet trains
You got a caffeine powered space shuttle train transport to your T_V_ , and
but what about something that's built into the T_V_ that you can press and it'll send out a little signal
What you could do then would be you have a remote controlled by the T_V_ speaker ,
a microphone by the T_V_ speaker and a transmitter there that sends back to your remote ,
you can't expect the television manufacturers to put that feature into their T_V_s .
But , then you have like the little se separate module by the T_V_ speaker
That could also be built into the T_V_ though , which might make our remote control a bit obsolete .
And what else was I thinking of that I haven't written down and therefore fallen out my head ,

User Interface Designer ,
I'm concerned with w what effect the apparatus should have on the user
and then as for the user interface it should be trendy ,
the unirs the user interface
the canonical user interface for these would be just a bunch of buttons ,
and lastly the transmission interface is , just some engineering thing you don't have to worry about .
flat screen interface , L_C_D_ interface

and we should provide pl spe proper manuals for its use also so as that people consumers could easily learn .
and also the information that Raj gave us was very useful about what people like , what people dislike .
and what people fashionable , because we said people between twenty five and thirty five were the main buyers of our T_V_ .
and as Raj pointed out , only ten percent fifty percent of people only use ten percent of the buttons ,
and m about other functions for T_V_ but as you pointed out people don't actually want that ,
and I was just curious to know , have we done any research into how many people can whistle ?
We had that to dis-include teletext because it's become outdated , and everybody uses the internet anyway .
maybe Raj you could find out what people would think about that ,
If you think about standard interfaces that people use already , Windows-style drop down menus or whatever ,
and if you hit a menu at the top you have
because people mor fifty percent people they find that the remote controls are often lost somewhere in the remote , in the room .

was maybe a bit of a gimmick to set us apart from other people , like glow-in-the-dark
glow in the dark , is that with a light inside it or is it glow in the dark material ?
Glow in the dark material I was thinking .
like if they come and speak something at the remote control replies to something and it glows in the dark .
and how are you about the glow in the dark material ?
, no th the material's cheap but it's just the glow in the dark material needs some light to charge it ,
and then if you're , if you're sitting in the dark for too long it it won't glow any more .
we can still use the glow in the dark as a gimmick essentially ,
and we can have a trimming as , of the glow in the dark material , just as gimmickyness .
What as about the material is maybe not this material , but maybe more like this rubbery material ,

and if you just click that it'll go ahead , one at a time .
, yes , I have to look at the market potential for this product ,
so we as a company we want to make our products trendy and fashionable , it's a big concern of ours .
And also the company want to keep it stuck to the T_V_ for to keep down the production time .
and I jotted down some notes as to what are the b needs and what novel features we can add to differentiate our product from the others .
so Raj told us that consumers are willing to spend more for fancy products ,
and he also mentioned that the current products don't always match users' operating behaviour .
and unfortunately all I had to work on was our our corporate archives of the great products we've made before ,
I more realistically then , we need a product that's got some kinda nifty outer casing ,

Easy finder with the a whistle function ,
you could have the instead of a whistle if it's got the voice recognition you could have it just , , where are you ? .
And we gotta sell twenty five of them ?
And the , the bells and whistles that we mentioned , they take more budgeting , more technical expenditure of effort
and it's also much more likely to not work if we add these bells and whistles .
So I take it your position Arlo is that the bells and whistles we've gotta come up with the a gimmick but not too complicated a gimmick .

and are we able to achieve our a net profit or our aims or not ?
And yes that's wi this will definitely , this can definitely put enhance our sales .
t look all the market potential , what how we should design consu our remote controls , what they should be there so as to en enhance our profit , enhance our sales .
because it will definitely enhance our sales in this ag in this particular age group from fifteen to thirty five ,
So this is also a very goo major factor to loo take into consideration to enhance our profits and sales .
tha that would be a consideration to take into account yes .
and this will definitely enhance our market sales ,

w what I didn't actually realise it was that the this is for a specific television .
the basic that was the basic function to send messages to the television set .
which I'm presuming means it's for a specific television ,
We'll use the basic functions for a television .
but like in a basic sense that you could have your basic selection of buttons ,
They mentioned if the television says you are listening to B_B_C_ one .
And that's a basic R_F_ frequency so it'll be cheap .

P press F_ five to start it first .
F_ eight . Function F_ eight .
and then how do I press the big one , to get it on to the big
do I press F_ five is it ? escape ?
So I plug it in , press F_ five ?

actually I'll get to that at the end point number four ,
, these are different age group persons
, which the twenty five to thirty five is usual , .
I want to point out that our motto , put the fashion in electronics ,
, personally I prefer this one just because it's looks easier use ,
, hand-held and portable is portamint is important
a much easier thing is just any loud noise like clapping , shouting , ,
and then , what would the response be ? It beeps back at you ?
and any noise over a certain threshold it'll pick up as a distress signal from you and it'll beep back and say here I am of this sort .
But surely that would have to be specific rather than above a threshold if you had a loud movie on you're likely to get it beeping back at you .
personal preferences , programmable options which just require a small amount of memory ,
and instead of colours and sorta colour options , they want corporate colour and slogan somehow implemented in the new design .
it didn't work very though because of this noise interference problem .
but if you can work around that noise problem
Right and then it would do just , subtractive cancellation of the noise .
you just shout your command to it and it would do it for you if it's within , within hearing range .
we said colours and fashion w were important
so maybe just like a little l line that's around the outside and then you can make the rest a different colour .
can you put all these reports in the project documents folder if they're not already in there as .
pro project documents .
Project documents , , it's on your desktop as .
no , ethics , that's gonna cost us money .
So we have to safety point of view also , we have to take care .
We could go completely out of the box and make the thing a big red ball foam ball .
And I'll see if argue with boss about putting the

, everything , all their the corporate website and everything's yellow .
And the logo the slogan we put the fa fashion in electronics
bright yellow logo in our
And also , integrating the , remember to integrate the logo and the s slogan .
it's gonna have to be it's gonna be have a big yellow foam ball , , .
yellow , yellow ball . Right .
my reaction to an all-yellow remote control wouldn't be anything other than horror , so
Small logo with the like a small yellow strip or y yellow with the logo in it .

minutes from the last meeting which were essentially that we had decided on roles for each of you ,
, as we have decided in the last meeting that I have to find out ,
turn my computer quickly if that's .
if you think about these base stations now it's essentially just a lead with a self connecting brake in it ,
just so the user can put in their favourite channels and maybe their preferred volume settings so that when they turn it on it's not blasting .
You could programme it with your channels and then you say like B_B_C_ one and it goes to that channel .
or a an advert for B_B_C_ two on B_B_C_ one'll switch the channel for you kinda thing .
and so there was a lot of this , you'd be watching the T_V_ and then all of a sudden it'd pick up a noise and turn it off or or turn the volume off ,
to change the channel or to turn the T_V_ on and off ,
I was about to tell you about the changes before the meeting , and then the meeting turned up , so

because T_F_T_ have just released is it a remote control for presentations or and a big seven inch big screen , anyway , so
or rechargeable station because it's a pain when you run out of batteries .
An energy source which'd probably just be your regular batteries
with batteries we don't need to provide , we provide the first batteries , but it's more , it's that's cheaper to just provide batteries .
so a the inkling I'm getting from little bits of web chatter that I'm getting sent is that they're quite interested in a T_F_T_ display , interactive display .
like the thing about the there's the problem with the T_F_T_ or the L_C_D_ thing is if you're also wanting the
do we want to go with the T_F_T_ idea or the is that far too expensive ?
there's a good chance the T_F_T_ screen would break or get damaged .
So is that one of our definite requirements that they wa that it needs a T_F_T_ screen ?
no it's much cheaper than the T_F_T_ , it's just a microphone and some integrated circuits .
means if children catch hold of your or if they chew it shouldn't be too harmful .
And then ch children will love it .

kicked over whatever it runs on underneath as .
or organic , , more organic shape .
it was fifty million Euros ?
Fifty million was prof
now it's fif fifty million Euros we've gotta we've g
so we're making that at twelve and a half Euros a time .
, I if you're going for a globular shape you could have it working its way round it .
organic globby feeling to it then you might have trouble incorporating the screen .
wi with the more organic shape of it won't be as it won't as have many sharp corners as that , so that's something good ,

