and we are not decided about u the use of L_C_D_ screen on the remote control because of costs .
but the general aspect of the remote control may could remind some vegetable ,
to buy a n a cooler remote control .
it's not just buying a new control re remote , you need buying control remote , buying
which is a way for you to have a conversation with your coffee machine and or remote control .
I you could build that in , you could link the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on the remote control .
it is a easy a fancy thing that you can bring to we can bring to the remote control that will not have any
, unless , you like having conversation with your remote control .
So this is so this is much more than tak taking this technology , bringing it to the remote control and using it .
So if it is something that you can we can bring easily and to put it into the banana remote control
I've just done a quick mock-up of some of the features of our potential funky-looking remote control
It con it controls the speed ?
those are the two important features we need on the remote ,
you were talking about being able to find the remote control
and I was talking about extendin being able to extend the remote control by having , a base station that can control other things as .
even if it's just you press on a button on it and and the remote control starts beeping , , this is a way of finding the remote .
So first thing is we need power source for the remote control .
Then we need plastic with some elasticity so that if your if the remote control falls it's not broken directly into pieces ,
it's really ergonomic , it's fit in the hand and you've a lot of surface to put the controls .
that user wants to have control more than one device wants to control more than one device from the same remote control ,
because users are like this and they don't want to have one remote control for everything ,
if you press that button wherever the remote it'll start beeping so where the remote is .
Although you do need to include R_F_ circuitry in the remote .
Remotes don't have power on off switch .

So we're not gonna have a remote control in the shape of a banana ,
But what's your suggestion how we can have some shape like that on the remote ?
, so you want the remote control to be the shape of a fruit ,
Means buttons are in the shape of fruits ,
buttons are in the frape shape of fruits , apple , banana , something like that .
Don don't you think we can find the shape of a fruit which is handy to use ?
the shape of a banana is not it's not really handy .
because it's gonna be a little bit difficult to make to give like the texture of a banana anyway and to k to have the exact shape .
so we're going for a stylish banana shape .
I if it i if it has really the model shape of a bana you could
so I we need , , something that can fit a banana shaped object .

but I li I like your idea that we shouldn't have a lot of buttons b buttons so
you're simply looking s to a remote control that looks like a banana with few buttons with only a few buttons .
I've also included this turbo button
because , , every design should have a turbo button ,
so with this turbo button you can , say , skip over t channels if , , if I'm going if I'm scrolling past them
it's just a couple of scroll wheels and a button it's hard to get so many buttons on a banana
These are the three scroll buttons which are already available with us in the company
And as as I could see on the web the scroll button is becoming really hot thing s
and your tur turbo button .
Because remote is going to have both the interfaces , scroll as as buttons .

So maybe you can display a banana on the L_C_D_ .
and you will not have pla enough a lot of place to put a L_C_D_ on a banana also .
, we could either consider that maybe we want to sell this as a very , if it's gonna be a banana , that's a pretty gimmicky thing that doesn't have that much functionality ,
but you could o you could turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe , ,
So i it looks like we're going completely to forget about the L_C_D_ thing .
Banana is more handier as compared to this , and to capsicum .
L_C_D_ has already been ruled out , A_S_R_ has been ruled out .
I'm just wondering actually , , , I this whole fruit thing with the banana , it's it seemed like it first seems a bit niche , like only a few people would really want a banana ,
, rather than having it yellow and really looking exactly like a banana , you could make it silver .
If you make something that looks like a banana it should have the colour of a banana .
That can be like the turbo banana plus commando .

but the can we use it for saying , channel fifty , channel twenty ?
you have to s tr train it to l to learn channel fifteen , that whole thing ,
not just the word channel and the word fifteen , it doesn't have that logic in it .
the scroll wheel is a fairly key part of , ,
But it's important , , to have two scroll wheels because , , you want one for the channel , but you also want one for the volume ,
so this is , a unique problem with televisions is that if you have this scro this scroll wheel for the television , the the tuner on the T_V_ is not gonna be able to switch between stations as fast as you can scroll ,
Or they might want to scroll and have a quick glimpse of it , even if it lags behind what they're doing .
it may even be for most for some people more functional than their current remote , but if they have these scroll wheels ,
But then you have to have a template for every channel , for a hundred channels ,
and on top of that we can have solar cells ,
But like a banana you can be holding like this and have the scroll wheel on top
and a scroll button with push technology for channel selection , volume control and teletext browsing .
So we are going to add also you as you suggested the whee some wheels to control the volumes and channels
And the and the wheel a at the level of the thumb .
So , you need one here and one on the other side , so you got volume an and channel .

I investigate deeper the preference of the users .
for the traditionals u traditional users we can have the push buttons so that they don't feel that it's an alien thing for them .
but inside you could have you can still have some cushioning that's not visible to the user .
, so push buttons for the traditional users so that they don't feel they are alienated ,
That will be the volume control which a user shou it should be already pre-defined .
So now what user gets additionally he doesn't have to buy batteries , they're rechargeable batteries , so over the period of cor time he'll recover the cost .
So it's the basic thing but very trendy and very user-friendly .
and now you don't want the traditional users to be apprehensive of this .
, if the traditional user is gonna buy a banana remote
and you have to work on the user interface ,

Might want to be able to scroll past television stations without seeing what's on them ,
in which case it just waits until you stop scrolling and then , , displays that station .
they could be chargeable batteries if there's a basis station thing
So you have to buy two things , the banana and the basis station .
It's like a telephone handset is there and the basis station for the telephone hand set is there .
So you're having the basis station and there is a button ,
it's people would find that worth it even if it wasn't a recharging station , even if they didn't have to buy extra batteries , .
basis station is nothing more , just it's a wire which is coming from the main cable and you're having one socket on which the thing sits .
We'll have a base station extra on the side .

What I found in order of importance from less to more important is that people want an easy to use device .
So now more aspect , ma more a cooler aspect rather than a device with many functions and many buttons with
instead of i instead of ha of a device which can do many things , a device which is pleasant to watch , to see .
So te textu textures , .
because they are more open to new devi new devices
so if you're gonna have things like on a cylindrical device it may be difficult to to build .
you can but you have to pro though it's a fairly simple design so you would have to record into the device every possible combination ,
so our T_V_ remote can have little extra things to support additional devices like V_C_R_ D_V_D_ players which are usually attached with the T_V_ ,
so the findings is users'll be very interested in our locator device to find their misplaced remotes .
extra func functionalities such as wheels , the speaker unit not in order not to lost the the device ,

at the end of the meeting we should take decision on that point .
you have t normally with with buttons , they have to be at some point attached to a circuit board
comp completely pointless for the inter for from the interaction point of v point of view .
, you see , I was unaware at this point of th of the fruit focus ,
the end of the banana you wanna hold as ma you maybe wanna kinda hold like a gun rather than you don't want it to point towards the floor .
the starting is good but it could it should have more the shape of a banana if you want to point really a at the thing .
Twelve point five is the profit on one .
Point point four million ?

they've actually integrated into the coffee machine that that we're producing is ,
you can say good morning to the coffee machine and it can recognize that phrase and it'll playback good morning , how would you like your coffee ?
It's designed it's designed as a fun thing ,
, , this is actu this could be a genetically engineered fruit that's designed to be square so that it packs tighter in the boxes .
we could use somehow the s coffee machine dialogue interface or so .
, I f it's probably more than , than our can handle because it's designed for a coffee machine , , to say hello in the morning .
Is it design for a coffee machine ?
I would presume that it's , they wouldn't design it to handle a hundred things th so .
I that fits in with the spongy design philosophy .
So that's something we have to keep in mind with the actual physical design is to keep the speaker close enough to the outside .
You have to work on the look and feel design

all this fashion it's it's fruit and the theme is fruit and vegetables .
What what do you mean by fruit and vegetables and spongy ?
I didn't miss and I saw that the fruit , there are many fr pictures of fruits and vegetables in the clothes .
instead of vegetable , some natur natural object .
So something that looks half like a fruit and half like an elephant .
like maybe just like a little bit n a little fruit picture somewhere in the corner ,
Looks like a tr look likes a tro a tropical fruit .
It depends , if we like , if we are concentrating on like a fruit design , then maybe we wanna sell a collection of fruit , , like a different fruit for each device .
that would be funny at the beginning but after one month you will be tired of be surrounded of fruits .
A power fr a power M a Mando , a Supermando fruit .

. So I received an email around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit ,
, it's a sample sensor sample speaker .
Sample sensor sample speaker .
but it means we c we can consider this from a theoretical or usability viewpoint without worrying too much about how to develop it because we have this already done .
so you don't have to worry too much about the case being broken ,
one is the basic chip and the regular chip and one an adva advanced chip .
So we can have regular chip for control .
Pricing is a factor for us , that's why we'll go for the regular chip .
And regular chip supports speaker support ,
So is that , when you say speaker support , you mean it just has some output pinned which
but the speaker is actually attached to the chip in some way , or is just the signal ?
So are there any issues where we place this chip to make you can actually hear the speaker from the outside of the banana ?
It should be whatever will be the case , the chip is always going to be sitting inside .
, but the speaker , if the speaker is actually on the chip , then if it's too far away from the casing , or if the casing is too thick , then you may not hear the speaker .
or as hearing is concerned , we can have some gap at some place ,
Actually I didn't understand very this trace speaker lost control .

. We decided not to go for speech recognition technologies because of some reasons
After they want something new technologic technologically speaking ,
It means that it can recognize , it can do like a match on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that .
Is this a technology that recognize keywords speech keywords ?
it's it'll recognize I keywords , but keywords in a certain order like a phrase .
Only , like , only in the sense that it can recognize a set target word an
it doesn't really add much to the functional design and it's it's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine , so
I if that speech recognition is , , even if we can do it , it's not really appropriate for television environment .
Y in that case maybe the speech recognition the speech thing could be useful just to say I'm here
It's it's speech synthesis and s it's speech , not really speech recognition , but pattern matching ,
I wo what about adding the this word spotting , keyword spotting recognition saying volume up volume down ?

So maybe we cou wi will be able to clarify this question to today .
So I hope that your respective pr presentations will help us .
So each of you have some presentatio presentation to perform
So I was of the idea that we can have two power supplies ,
but are we set on the banana idea ?
And , to give you the idea of a banana but without it looking completely kitsch . For better want of a better word
and we're going to report all the ideas we had during this these presentations

what they find more interesting , more or more important it's a fancy look and feel instead of instead of the current trend which was f the functional look and feel .
in Paris and Milan the current trend of of clothes , furniture and all this
And also in the U_S_A_ the current the mor the most popular feeling it's a spongy .
have you seen the last exposition of clothes in Milan ?
because it's the volume i it's , it's very handy for it to have instant feedback and response , so .
and , it's , you could have a little red light that comes up when they press it so they feel it's really going fast or whatever .
so this functionality could be used for tracing the mobile phone which has been misplaced .
that's a pretty handy feature .

No , not n not too much focus , not too much focu not n not too s not too similar to a fruit because next year the ten the trend will be different .
in my opinion we should focus on young people
and also according to the marketing report ninety p ninety five percent of young people was
, according to the report people are more interested in a fa fancy look and feel and in a technological inno in innovation ,
Whilst , some people might get annoyed if we if we just dump it ,
, so at the moment it's more of a box focus .
when the lighting conditions are good they can be used so it'll be pretty innovative kind .
that , , that sometimes people like to collect things that of a similar type .
It's too difficult but people like innovation and that's really innovative

in Euro in Paris and Milan the
do you want a an L_C_D_ with twenty five Euros ?
have we decided that we can only spend , , twenty five Euro ?
not spend , but , charge twenty five Euro .
if you're gonna not be able to do it properly you may as do it in a stylised way that just looks a bit more , , twenty first century rather than sixties or seventies .
But our targets are very high , means fifty million Euros is the profit which we want make .

The s science for the ease of handling and there are some other issues why we need double curve .
Double curve is , you have curves on both the sides if I'm right .
So , it could be curve , so it could be convex , conve concave , depending on what we want .
So there are flats , there are single curve and there are double curves .
with plastic you can have double curve but with certain other materials we cannot have double curve .
And it's al it also suits with the double curve for easy of

So there was there were many other materials like wood , titanium and all those things ,
Although , , wood could be quite a stylish option ,
if you take like , quality wood that's got a grain and you put some , some varnish on .
, you have the outs the wood itself is not gonna break
And you could also , you can have just a very thin veneer of wood as .
but it's more easier to do a banana in plastic than in wood .
Oui c'est ca

If I come back to the minutes of the last meetings
Mr Marketing Experts .
but there's still gonna be a cost if you decided to integrate that because you still have to pay for the c production of the components ,
You reckon you could like draw us a thing on the , on the whiteboard
so with this additional little , we might be having slightly better market for us .
Before before st before ending the meeting I'd like to draw some sketch about the pro future prot prototype .
just to draw some sketch about what will be the prod final product
So ti time is running ,
we have to close the meeting in a few minutes .
So next meeting you guys have to prepare the followi things .
you two you have to work together to model the first f first prototype .
Marketing Expert have to go to product evaluation .
It's not a possi it will not be possible to implement it for the next prototype ,

