and I want to tell you about what people s want and like and dislike in remote controls ,
what I suggest is that instead of deciding ourself what could be and what should be a good remote control , let's ask people who are users of remote controls
So we've conducted a survey on the use of remote controls
what we found was that there are several things that the user don't like in remote controls .
is that it seems that they were people are ready to pay for and look and fancy looking remote control ,
people are very frustrated w with their remote controls
And because of the fact that there are so many buttons in these remote controls
so most of the people say they how to they to use properly their r remote controls .
So we've conducted a survey about whether people would like or not to have this functionality in their remote control
We should only make a remote control , nothing more . Nothing more than this , just a remote control .
Market is a of remote controls it better ,
For personal preferences that to make a baby-proof remote control it got to be a titanium .
it can be just a menu which can be controlled with a left , right , up , down and enter .
but i like we talk about universal remote control .
but since we are focusing only on T_V_ remote controls
since we are focusing on our interface device remote control
Think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them ,
like a user taking his remote control
because since we are only focusing on T_V_ remote control
like so suppose people are really they just they don't touch the remote
So in a given room there might be more than one remote control .
Speakers in the remote cont

how they feel about w the current remote controls ,
Current remote controls as they're the same as this one
And the other thing is that the current remote controls are not so easy to use
and it the current facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls .
And most of the buttons on current remote controls are not used ,
that may be used by u the user in the current available remote controls
current remote controls they are never easy enough to use .

that we want to fulfil the from the technical part
but people want to have control on volume
Only buttons we need is on off , volume , channels and maybe some options else ,
And another feature that I would like to implement is volume control .
Suppose you set u you set up some volume
The user will just be able to say can you pump up the vo pump up the volume
volume and decrease or increase ,
which controls power , volume and this part and this D_S_P_s .
Like , if I want to put volume up I like do I take my remote control do like something like

So now it really depends on the targeting wha who are we targeting with this remote control ?
if we are targeting young people then it's probably something we have to consider .
I see that you target several s application not only T_V_
Since we were targeting a really soon date for the i issuing of this remote control
for this budget like twelve Euros .
because v our target is only like twelve point five Euros
Sh should we target a user personalised remote control ?

Like something to like t phones . Some of the phones have some of this s functionality .
phone you can always phone your phone
but you can't phone your remote control .

so we should design something where some of the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people are using .
People want to have a power button .
I would say the simplest one as long as there are the I find the buttons that I need every time I need a button .
And all these buttons should be easy to find and to click ,
when you watch a movie and you want to change something , you always try to find a good button and click it ,
first , power on and off can be made fully automatic .
like you can de you can just button the number
And then these messages these key buttons can be transferred into some message
what about the idea of automatic on off on the button , .

it's from a much easier device like air conditioning .
And let us include two features into this device ,
we will only concentrate on T_V_ for the moment
if you want to go for a universal then we ought to limit for functions for each of our devices .
So now the technical aspects of this new device .
as the basic function of remote control is sending some message to the device , like T_V_ or V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player etcetera .
So we will have a p portable device which will send message to the main device like T_V_ .
So we need to have some energy source to do what to do the functions , what we want on this portable device .
and then it will generate some information to the main device .
Then we will have the main control in the main device to do the particular action what we want .
mainly the energy source like the battery
which sends the information to the main device .
that's passing information to the T_V_ device .
so we have the main energy source
I heard of devices where you just whistle them

that's for what the biggest frustration of the user
and I am responsible for User Interface Design .
that's gonna be less technical functions but more User Interface and current intentions and everything which is linked with this .
and then we have user interface like the keypad and buttons we want ,
And since I also want to know feedback from our Marketing Expert and User Interface ,
and we can also train the speech recogniser for particular user
so user can say , suppose they're watching a tennis match then they can say after one hour I
the U_I_D_ Mark will be focused on the user interface concept

It seems that people find teletext relevant ,
tell you that in a l in a scale between one and ten relevant not relevant to relevant people scored a six on this ,
but just know that people find it somehow relevant .
Young people , probably because it's a buzz word , find it very relevant .
should we aim at the young people or not ?
we should aim at the young people .
In general the early adopters of a new device are young people ,
and finding it easily just by touch .
Again , this to have some interaction like suppose people use D_S_P_

Then we'll have switch in our main device to do particular operations ,
so this battery , once you s switch on it will take power
because we have only very few words like power , switch on or some like
actually we can have one switch to like switch on , on and off , this processor
and y you how much time you need to switch on or switch off

channel selection is very important , very often used .
And n then you have things which are very much less often used like the settings . Audio settings , screen settings , even teletext and channel settings .
it's not an easy field to play ,
if I want to go to directly to channel twenty five , how would I do can I do that with this ?
that's not so easy to go just next when you have hundreds of channels .
set up your T_V_ set like channels that you use they're one , two , three and five ,
and you will never have to go to a twenty fives channel .
in one remote control that I've seen , instead of doing that d you could just say these are the cha ch channel three , twenty eight , forty eight and sixty four are those that I want to by cycled with my next button .
So even if they are only watching four or five channels , they want to zap out of the one hundred channels ,
like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and then to sixty four ?
so some T_V_s will have different encryption codes for doing s channel changing and these things .
they don't really follow same channels strict

One of the thing the trend that you are probably aware of is the possibility the eventual possibility of having speech recognition in your remote control ,
is not to forget about Occam razor .
Mm-hmm . And from the discussion we had do you can you make it on the whiteboard , or .
because since our User Interface speech recognition
and also Marketing Expert for the speech recognition is really handy ,
anyway volume is not really speech recognition problem ,
Did you consider the r gest gesture recognition ?

W we'll have a screen with a back light
I would propose this concept for design , just few buttons , a screen with a back light which can change colours , titanium
wha what is the use usefulness of the screen ?
its main purpose is a back light ,
like it can turn on the light for you just to f find it easily ,
All the rest , we sh we'll put it into this menu on the screen .
like all these people do that their lights are turning on with clapping .

I hope you're ready for this functional design meeting .
and I hope this is going to help you to design it correctly .
it's repetitivity stress injury .
puts fashion into electronics
It's a question to our technical design , our two engineers .
I am an expert in industrial design of all electronic devices
So now I'll briefly describe the working design of our remote control .
Then we will work again for thirty minutes individual work ,
and our m Market Expert Sammy Benjo on the trend watching .
like before specific instruction will be sent to you by your personal coach .

and I previously devised many like digital calculators and electronic calculators .
it's mainly digital signal processing chip because
and then we have some inside some chip in the device .
and we can have some speech recognition and in our g generally small digital signal processing chip

and I'd like to show you some of the results we found on this survey .
and our method is going to be , provide simple
simple desires into simple actions .
we can have another , like s simple speech recogniser on our D_S_B_ chip .
so that and we will put the small simple speech recogniser
you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things , .

we want to know to at the end to know the new project's requirement
The full page presentation ,
because i I spent lots of time doing this presentation , so .
so we should probably spend lots of time in and effort in that .
However , Project Manager asked me to give you some presentation about technical functions design .
One thing is that as I said in my presentation people really do like to z zap .
and you can change mode zapping mode or

and then you move out or you move to the other corner of the room
Like , you want to change the chair or you want to move to the armchair from the sofa , and then the volume changes .
According to your distance to and the angle maybe , if you have a stereo system .
which some pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack like that .

, it's electromagnetic waves maybe effect .
because infrared uses some electromagnetic technology ,
And a general method which is seems to be very useful for our task
Our question of the style , we should remember that our company
sensing sensor machine that knows
I'll check in my department if there's someone specialist in that .
It's generally in the form of infrared or some s sensor information .
And then we'll have the infrared L_E_D_ source
now I see th this the picture in front of my eyes
then it particularly sends some information to the chip like in some form , like volume and like this key .

so I'll input the connections to all this components .
so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them .
and in this one want to be more focused on the individual actions the on the components
you will focus on the component concept

