so whe where is the remote control ?
So we'll have to evaluate the your proposed remote control ,
if we're we all agree on the fabrica of building of this remote control , we'll evaluate the production .
so , mister money , what's your opinion according to this remote control ?
And you've never seen a rou a round remote control , so it is
it's a sleeping remote control .
, but nobody would be able to take it in the pocket and bring it in the kitchen and say I've lost the remote control .
If you re we really want to have a fruitful remote control .
So it's easy to use and powerful , as the remote control a has only one button .
? Was it a way to create your remote control ?
it's it's good , to create a control instead of a computer .
. It's party remote control .
th no , it's the pineapple control remote control .
It's a pineapple remote controls .
, pineapple remote control .
unid unidentified remote control , so
That's that's pineapple remote control . it's fine .
One thing I like is the shape , because it's not like the the remote controls you can put in your pocket , on in your jacket .
I prefer the laser remote control . No .
So we have finished the designing and the evaluation of our remote control

In the traditional key traditional controller use button to select the channel
you compare with traditional tr traditional controller ?
it's easier than traditional controller .
If you use traditional controller you have to put a button , but now you don't have to put button ,
the smaller the so you can c you can control the scale .
But in the traditional controller , how do how can you control the scale ?

but now we have a s circle , so we can turn this ball to t to select channel .
So it's v , you can put it in the table so you can turn the ball to cha to select the channel
If you want to turn the ball , it's very convenient for you to turn the ball to change the channel .
So you can turn to change the channel .
but how intuitive is it to turn things to change channels ?
and you can turn like that to change the channel ?
it depend on the angle you turn the
, but when you're zapping you're changing from one channel to the other ,
It is a turn off t turn off button , maybe .
S But I di I didn't see where the t f the turn off t turn on turn off button so much activates
We could turn we could turn everything in either yellow or black .
But it's good to follow the f flow and make it now and after , , if the people change their mind you change also the product .
, you customise it every ti so every ti if people change , you just change the appearance , and y you can keep

let's go for our detailed design meeting .
and our Industrial Designer , Baba .
we call it a mushroom design .
It's looks like some mushroom , so we call it mushroom design .
Genetically modified mushroom I will say , but
I'm this would be the unique design the market .
, so it's a fuzzy design , and a unique design .
You c can you can see the shape of the buttons n is a mushroom , so
So we can call our remote control the mushroom .
but it's not like really mushroom because you have like lemon shape , ,
Mush mushroom controller .

I if this is a channel one . So it c it could be channel two , channel three , channel four , channel five .
ju just imagine you have fifty channels
Y fifth channel divided by the num by the by three hundred thirteen degree .
then the angle you stop is the angle you is the channel you
It's it's very easy , because you kn how many channel are there in the
So , when you say I want to go to the channel number twenty that's you've decided to go to channel twenty ,
so you can say channel twenty , or channel four , because you really want to go on this channel .
You you if you want to skip from channel one to channel two , you skip this .
If you want to from skip from channel one to channel ten you tune this .
this is , from one channel to maybe to ten channel .
but you can also do it in the b if you do not wa if you do not want to browsing all the channel you can just p there's also a button here .
, this function is just for your browsing , from one channel to th the next one , the next s sn s , the th the third one .

you can think about a yellow T_V_ now after a fruit T_V_ or .
, just a lemon T_V_ it'd be yellow lemon .
, the lemon T_V_ with the pineapple remote control .
T_V_ is more like fifteen years , maybe , so .
We can think about T_V_ with where you can change the aspects o like for the cell phones , .
It's interesting , maybe we can create a line of T_V_ with a tr
A T_V_ for autumn and a T_V_ for winter , , so it's
you told me you h you d you lost your control your T_V_
it's will enlight your house , your home and your T_V_ , so .

, maybe two scroll wheel , as we have the coarse to fine scroll wheel .
So push button then it's the next expensive one .
An but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button .
Integrated scroll wheel push button
So if we have all integrated i in the scroll wheel and push button , it's
maybe f you have five with push buttons , so we can just , , try to modify some of them to have .
there's a problem with the push button .
scroll wheel with push button on it .

As I said in the first meeting we need to have so a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and point fifty Euros .
y actually it's wrong . We're not under twelve Euros and a half .
We're just at twelve fifty Euros .
and the twelve fifty twelve twelve
It's but it I don't think it's such a problem just putting the logo somewhere .
We had some problems going to twelve Euros and .

, to integrate the fruit aspect ,
Vegetables . Mushroom is a vegetable .
we take into account what you said about fruit and vegetable .
, fancy was defined by s fruit and vegetable look .
And from ten to ten channels here .
Y one to ten , ten to twelve , ten to t twenty . Ten to twenty
You could f we could do a fruit collection of electronics things . Electronic device .
fruit and vegetables it won't last for ten years .
, maybe la next year it will be insects .
I'm not so happy about the fruit shape , .
Maybe what you can do a test . Put it outside , and if bees come , it's really fruit .

And the shape , there's two basic shape .
we had three keys key points to for this remote control design ,
So , four point three point five , it means it's acceptable .
The sha the bowl shape people like .
So it depend on how d do you define fancy .
, maybe improving the texture of like having it less smooth or
First one is we have to judge the fancy look and feel .
It looks like a pineapple with cherry on top .
So you count one degree , two degrees , no .
tha that's the weak point ,
But I d m that it will be good to do some more work to transform this into a pineapple .
tha that was good but we should have more brainstorming like meetings , maybe .
It's a pineapple now , it has changed . It's a pineapple .

the basic colour is yellow and red .
Yellow is our company colour ,
So we used two basic colour , yellow and red .
The colour , is the colour acceptable ?
Black then is a regular colour , so .
The mood of persons , the fashions
, but the colour , the colour is more is most important ,
So we have the logo , we have the colour , and we have the fashion in electronics ,

this is a revolutionary solar receptor that we can put outside and
The solar cell is too expensive .
w one of the m key point is solar cells .
Maybe don't bat no battery , only solar cells .
Which part is the most expensive part ?
But it would i be interesting for our marketing team , to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be
And designing , looking at the chips , the solar cells and and it was very informative for .

The first is a circle and the second is a triangle s piece .
the second key feature is that s circle channel selection .
the third feature is a stable triangle base .
this sta this triangle base is very stable , so
So w we'll try to judge this feature with a one to seven scale ,
So you can you have base , triangle base so you the T_V_ you can
it would be interesting to just to see if we can if people will buy this one , and maybe add some features to it after .

thi this remote control will stay a prototype .
So there are several key features of our pr prototype .
but don't touch don't destroy your prototype .
, so you can capture s voice from different directions . .
and we had a project prototype presentation with the evaluation .
So as we all agree to accept , under certain conditions , the prototype , we'll have look to the final sh financial view .
Final prototype , , ye .

The other criterion is it technologically technologically in innovative .
there's the technology inside that recognise simple vocal comments ?
And you can turn it so maybe it's techno technologically innov innovative ?
bu but when you say technologically it's more , in the core , or single .
but it will be technologically innova innovative , so .

, for th the vocal command yes , it's might be easy .
b but the vocal command is easy too .
voc vocal command is .
the first version , the basic version .
Advanced version we have speak .
So did you enjoy your clay modelling ?
. hel I will try versions so to see how easy to manage

Uncurved , flat , single curved , double curved .
Double curve , , double curve .
you can transform the wood into plastic , maybe .
Double curve . We can transform the double curve into single c .
So maybe we can just integrate it on th on one side , the double R_ .

we'll have first the project presentation by our User Interface Designer , David Jordan ,
Good choice , mister David Jordan .
L_C_ display , maybe . Interface .
, mister David Jordan .
Champagne , mister Baba .

So I will still play the role of the secretary ,
and have an idea of the price that this thing will cost .
th that's why if you put it in the table , be careful , somebody will eat it .
Do you think it won't be It won't cris increase the price ?
I'm no I'm not definitely convinced it's the best way to if you wanna jump from , , one to twenty ?
, that's difficult . That's dif that's difficult .
we need to calculate the production cost .
And sample sensor , sample speaker .
We have change the electronics to from the sample sensor to regular chip . .
We have to delete the sample sensor , .
, I find it really funny and amazing and interesting to go through all the process to from the beginning to the end .
, but we decided to have something yellow and red , for the costs .

so what is inside is what we dis what we talked before about , , the chip ,
it is a low level chip , and
the low level chips inside
You said previously that you there's microphone inside an
I see , you have microphone array embedded .
Single simple chip on print ?

