but we should not support teletext in the remote ,
the remote control should only be used for television ,
the method of the remote control is just
the function of remote control is to send messages to the television set .
So that was the main important thing what a remote control should do .
the multi-function remote control with many possibilities , but the lack of the feeling I already mentioned in the previous discussion .
And the ease-of-use remote control with the less p possibilities but a great feeling in touching the buttons .
My personal preferences were ease of the easy to use remote control ,
And the more luxury remote controls have lithium buttons .
And lots of people complained they kin can't find their remote control .
and your remote controls then start to beep .
But there are many other sounds which are exactly the same from the point of view from a remote control .
the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which they can go and b perform a some . And then the remote control reports itself ,
You do not want another device , which can be everywhere in the house , which you have to find first before you can find your remote control .
because when you have a p newspaper over your remote control , you cannot see it .
And just about the user interface , I came up with an easy remote control and an advanced remote control .
maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control .
when you add speech recognition to your remote control , it's very easy to change the channel . That's one thing .
And it's very easy to find your remote control .
It's mas it makes it very easy for us to implement the find find the remote control button remote control function .

The buttons to zap are used the about fifteen hundred times ,
The volume and the zap buttons are the mostly used .
mo zap buttons most .
there are video sets and they have a special button , the find the remote control button .
I don't think people would bother walking to the T_V_ and press that button because they lost the their remote .
if you have few buttons , no display , I it's l it's working with a shift functions and one button can
just a round button should be the trick , .
But with buttons like that , which are easy to use , we might attract them too .

but teletext buttons are not in our design .
that's the total design of this piece of equipment .
there are specially designed energy-friendly components
And if we want to use a rechargeable design or a energy-save design , we should really implement them .
it should just have a design The perfect design for those only those buttons .
Just through the easy design . We can make a design when there's not mu much buttons in it .
just a few buttons , trendy design , lightning effects wh and the sound .
the Interface Designer , I would like to the next meeting I would like to receive the components concept .

which is important for you , Ruud , and as for Roo .
then for Roo , as important , the corporate image should be recognisable in our product .
another important point is we really should use energy sparse , friendly components .
So they're obv the most important buttons .
channel selection is the most important .
on the relevance scale the channel selection , the volume selection and the teletext .
Maybe it's more important to make the make it look like a very friendly , easy to catch piece of equipment ,
And if you use that stick for volume control and channel selection , you have the m two most important functions in one button .
but I want the functions , th the most important are volume and programme selecting .
we dealt with the most important information .

because the user-friendliness and it can be more trendy in user design .
Just for for user desi user friendliness I should choose for the ease of use remote control .
The user interface connected to a chip ,
and the money that we can save from that we should use for having a design and thinking about the user interface
But but how does the remote report r give back to the user w in what state it is ?
We need to find a balance between the advanced techniques and the user-friendliness .
how is the remote going to look ? Not not in the user interface , but
User Interface Designer , Roo , I would like to see the user interface c concept .

all this device has to do is send messages to a T_V_ set .
And the m most easy way to do this is by sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set .
It's almost every piece of equipment every piece of every T_V_ set is controlled infrared .
because otherwise our device cannot communicate with almost every T_V_ set .
and your T_V_ set starts to make a weird sound ,
We do not control the T_V_ set so .
And even if the T_V_ set would have such a button , you would have to walk to your T_V_ ,
But we can have just a home stat f a base station next to the T_V_ . Just a little antenna .
just a base station next to the T_V_ is the best possibility .

you could only lit the buttons the buttons that are used most . So , the channel switching .
So if you'd be watching a movie , it would constantly beep .
So I've just pushed the button , or I changed the channel or t turned up the volume .
and just one function . The the programme to programme button , the switch to two channels , when you have something on channel four and something on channel six , just one button which can change
Dual channel watch .
if you want to go to channel ninety and you have th that button .
imagine when you're when you have a satellite decoder and you have , , about six hundred channels , imagine you want this .
But we do have thirteen different Dutch channels .

this till true , . That they only use ten percent the buttons .
I wouldn't buy it personally . A remote control without the ten digits .
But if you're a regular T_V_ user , and you just want to watch the Dutch television networks , , you can you can use about ten buttons . That's enough .
But these ten buttons look a bit dull .
Nokia , they have ten digits on their phones
If if we would drop the ten digits
We we have about ten minutes left this meeting .

the top goal of this meeting is to reach a decision on the product , on the target group and the functions of the remote control ,
Or a find a finding function ,
And do we even prefer the sound above the LEDs , the lightning function ?
which was the third-most the second-most used function .
if we include other innovative functions then they might ,
and we could have other buttons for the advanced functions .
but w we still we're still in the question of putting in advanced options .
We need to have the the user function the functions decided and our target audience .
Do do you want a list of functions ? Do you want an explicit list ? which incorporates all function available on the device ?
And if we could inc include a c a cradle in which it could recharge , then there wouldn't be a big problem .

Especially elder people don't like voice recognition .
we have to i to make a decision between the ten digits or the voice recognition .
the voice recognition has the main adva has another advantage .
Ruud , you came up with the voice recognition data .
But there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by implementing speech techniques , voice recognition , that these kinds of things .
then we should just take a look at the costs and especially for the voice recognition .
the only problem is it that it depends on the divisions the decis decisions Sebastian makes . About the voice recognition .
So we drop the voice recognition ?

So maybe the multi-function can be implemented in in our design .
I have a basic scheme of the things which are implemented .
But before I do that I w I want to warn you that by implementing this a function the technical design will become more complicated
Because we do not implement a user history .
it might be expensive and hard to implement ,
we've decided to implement a seemingly easy design .
and the main advantage is that we can implement fancy techniques ,

People , welcome back with the second meeting .
the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than forty ,
and should be bought by people younger than forty .
But your new goal f was for people than less than forty years old .
so it'll it attract younger people because new ,
and it might attract older people because it's easy to use .
Just elder people would buy it ,
And if we are targeting at the younger audience , they will probably watch more channels than the older people .
And there are some numbers about speech recognition here that younger people would like it .
But we do focus on younger people .
although we are focussing on younger people to make it profitable Profitable . We we , we still need to take in account the bit older people .

for cost-effectiveness , we should really use a very low-cost circuit board ,
because most of the production cost are in this part of the equipment .
but the question is whether two or four buttons makes m makes such a difference in the costs if you already plan to include fancy lightning techniques , I .
m maybe w we we do agree on the thing that the remote should have such a function , if it's possible within the costs and all that things .
we should save costs by not implementing a lot of functions
however , keeping it simple is important for the costs and all those things .
it should should work , it sh we should manage that .
But but can we manage it bu for the costs ?
The disadvantage is that there are some concerns about the costs and the things like battery lifetime , energy saving .

And there's a little picture , just for your imagination , how a device like this should look or can look .
it's the same as in the cell phone , just light in the device that shines on all the buttons ,
there are more lights in a in a mobile device .
there are some devices who incorporate this technique already .
There are some hybrid devices which incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries .
So when you just leave the device in a light room , it charges itself .

because our b board feels that teletext is out of date
Usually these things consist of a battery , infrared diode , buttons , chips , and circuit board .
Combined with the low-cost circuit board
So we can expect that there will be a less longer life to the batteries .
another advantage is that the circuit board will become much more easier if we do not do not implement these buttons .
If we just add a chip which does the voice recognition , our circuit board will become even more cheap .
But the cheaper the ch the chip or th what was it ?
The fewer buttons you have , the ch the cheaper the circuit board , yes .
And it's very cheap to incorporate an integrated circuit , a chip .

And it's also i Ruud's insight in the topic .
So we might want to build in a feature to support them . Some audio signal . Like home phones .
It will be an a unique feature of our remote control .
exactly . It's an uni an unique feature ,
according to Ruud , people do not use all the extra features very often .
young people like new features .
It's just a case with two metal contacts .

I opened the C_D_ ROM box guys .
I opened the C_D_ ROM box . Accidentally .
Roo or Sebastian , who of you would like to start ?
There's no elaborate technique used in this equipment .
I'm convinced Sebastian will find one solution for us .
maybe Sebastian should have a detailed look later on and come up with a solution ,
You can make it look like an easy s piece of equipment , but it's quite elaborated ,
I was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling , by these kinds of sticks like that .
When you move the stick to a position , maybe a light next to it can lit up .
then should n just use i instead of the stick , like many cell phones , just a round
It's just an easy way of a round button what which can be pushed in four directions . Instead of a stick .
A stick is v vulnerab vulnerable when it's falling down
Twelve dollar fifty .
but we can make it easy on the inside or elaborate on the inside .

second , I received some new project requirements .
w we we had discussed this already in the fin in the previous discussion .
But my in my opinion , the easy to use R_C_ is the best possi possibility for us .
The glow in the dark concept we discussed .
And the money we save on using this we can use for elaborate fancy lighting techniques , blinking LEDs and all that fancy .
So maybe it's a good idea to think about these buttons and and a sound signal .
I'm just wondering , the sound signal , from where do you execute th the s sound ?
Because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds .
the characteristics the characteristics of clapping is just an increase in the volume , the amplitude of the sound ,
so you can experiment by with shape or with size or with colour , that thing .
want to make a summary of all things spoken and the different possibilities .
It should be an easy interface with not so much buttons . S just a p a volume and a programme one . And , some fancy lights .

we cannot make it because of the time to market that we have to deal with .
So the colour colours and the slogan do have to be in the product .
we ar we are very curio curious to what the market will feel about such a product .
then I'm the target market is ten million units .
Of of which we should sell about forty percent to make the five million .
But since the other part is forty percent of the market ,
earlier we might want to constrain that portion of the market .
So we can fully concentrate on developing a product that is really what the market needs .
do you think the market would respond to a simple
Ruud just told us the market is interested in some advanced new techniques .
Just that the younger part of the market isn't the forty percent we want to sell to .
I'm the marketing expert will receive t you will do some trend watching .
And I'm the market will will change , adapt

Is there any time for a cup of coffee ?
and internet is replacing teletext .
which generates messages using infrared light ,
And the whole thing is transmitted by a infrared li diode ,
personally we should infra use infrared ,
which consume far less power than conventional components .
they're p f power friendly LEDs also .
when the power button is only used one time .
Reports rep respend response to it .
which is generated a few times within a certain period of time .
I put all the minutes I make into the shared folder .
the power saving will be a bit more difficult .
I hope my personal coach will have a lo look at it .
then we will have thirty minutes of time to perform our individual work ,
and I'm your personal coaches will assist you with it .
I will put the minutes made in the project documents folder .

