the f the points we had last meeting was the Should be a univ universal remote control
it still has to be f a r a remote control for kids and elderly .
So we can use this to create our own remote control .
so we have to make a beautiful remote control .
Remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room .
it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control .
next , remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ .
And an L_C_D_ on the remote control .
so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control ,
But do we still need a two level remote control ?
Not just in the row when you see all the same remote controls .
on most remote controls it's red .
I use a universal remote control ,
But then have to be on the in the all remote control have to be LEDs .
you also have remote controls with a lot of options .
The remote control should only be used for a television .
And I d I don't think it's very usable in a remote control ,
We make , we can make th the new remote control very flashy .
Or just a normal remote control .

But if you could make a new option , that you just have to press one button
I would find it handy , , when you just press one button and you get on six .
But for a user to remember , if I press that button it goes to that channel .
So you have like a five seconds period to press those two buttons .
So we have a period of , , five seconds to press those buttons , and that And not for elderly people to look , one two press and aim and
then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button , like a switch .
And by closing that certain circuit , the chip knows what bu button is pressed .
like you press a one , that circuit is closed
because it's If you use it , it's green or the red , it's r green .
Red's l shows up like something's wrong ,
The whole the whole remote control becomes green if you press the buttons .
the subcomponent is w it is the button pressed .
when you press a button , a switch get closed .
So the chip knows what button you pressed .
Because when you button press a button and it doesn't work , it can
So you see green if you push that button .
when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one .

and it should be a T_V_ remote control only .
, but only if they zap a lot , and they watch over five hours T_V_ .
But that's in the T_V_ as . That's how the the T_V_ handles it .
It's not a remote control that makes the T_V_ do one two .
It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must type one or two .
So if you have a universal T_V_ controller , you needed one button that has two stripes .
Most things in modern T_V_s are also on the menu .
So when you are in the shop and you see our T_V_ controller hanging , that it stands out .
You think you can't make a T_V_ controller too small , then you will always lo always lose it .
And the receptor in the T_V_ senses the pattern .
and list of all the T_V_s you have , etcetera .
But ma for brands of T_V_ these patterns are different .
A someone says that give me one Coke , and the T_V_ turns to one .

'Specially old people , maybe bi bigger buttons ,
this fits at the what Michael said about older people .
Older people will spend more money for something what's good .
Because younger people are more critical about where they spend their money at .
And older people want to spend more money .
and for elderly people big buttons .
a way to find out what people use is maybe just to use questionnaires on the internet
or just ask some random people , elderly people what they use , what they want on a remote control
f Especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons .
but younger people more often use the internet
and elderly people often use teletext .

what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or
But yes basic functions like numbers and that .
Of functions I could think of . volume , channels , the basic according to . Just one two three etcetera . text service options . basic on-off .
miss Did I miss any other buttons , basic buttons ?
Only the numbers , only numbers . furthermore nothing . But only the numbers , one to twenty .

Paul Wiezer . Paul Wiezer .
That's exactly what we said about maybe a home station for for it to recharge the batteries .
so when you clap your hands it will beep .
. Maybe just a button on the home station .
So remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station .
I told about the home station .
If I use my telephone , I never use those buttons to call
Maybe what Paul said , under the on the home station , a button to to call your remote control , that it beeps .

seventy five percent of the users find most remote controls ugly .
eighty percent of users would spend when a remote control will l look fancy .
seventy five percent seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot .
fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons .
we should have the ten percent on the top ,
, the ten percent on the top , .
It's only th thirty four of the thirty four percent .
like Jens already said , only ten percent is being used .

But we lose about ninety percent of those options .
teletext has become outdated since the popularity of internet .
So a teletext option , maybe we have to skip that one .
Maybe just as an option , w like we discussed , like iPod .
but maybe you can put the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control .
teletext options are only four buttons .
I use te teletext every day , .

the way I want to keep it simple is to use the sen standard . So standardised methods like on all remote controls .
To just keep it simple and standard features .
We have to make a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one .
We put in the simple buttons on the top ,

I've used a marketing report on the site .
because it's not reachable for twenty five Euros .
my point is , , I If we ma make a remote control for only television , it's hard to sell it for twenty five Euros .
On the market you can now buy for twenty Euros a remote control for everything .
And after a short time the television turns off .
We have short time to put it on the market ,
if you use one button , it must turn on for twenty seconds , and then it must turn off .

That's the light emitting diode , .
and the light emitting diode is producing infrared light .
we also have to have a LED li LED light on it ?
Th this is a normal bulb . So the normal flashing light .
But this one is producing infrared light
And this one is producing normal light .
we can make the normal one also a normal light . Not a LED light , but as a normal one .
Maybe you have to put a small light around the button you push .
Or or m maybe on top of the A green light is flashing
If you press something , it lights up for a few seconds ,

because about television , D_V_D_ player , stereo and V_C_R_ .
what I was reading on the page . a remote control just sends commands , basics commands to the television .
Li like a web browser ,
Like a web browser back button .
The method I used is search the web . Just the web page provided .
An automatically search function for each television , .
And the modern one you you type search ,
So you don't have to search for your television or your code .
because you can see on the television wh what channel you

Technical functions design .
But we can integrate that with volume and previous and next ,
you ha really have to divide between functions you often use , like m maybe switch channels and volume and k that things , and the menu button .
that we should stand out unique , being unique with the design .
Does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever
You can d integrate the buttons in the design very much .

we have forty minutes for this for this second meeting ,
The the main people of interest of this company are forty plus people .
they finally had a conclusion that younger people under an age of f forty five are more interested in new features .
But y But you but you already said that the company was about forty plus clients ?
And the forty plus people , I already told you .
The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty .

Then the chip produces a pattern . Like a Morse code
The chip is producing the pattern .
So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y , to
That's when the circuit is closed , it produces the pattern .
that can be done by just cha , changing this pattern all the time .
What he's doing when he's configuring this pattern , this chip , is trying to switch off the television .
And the chip sends out the pattern to the infrared bulb .

the last experiment was about gadgets , like speech recognition .
we can speak , we can skip speech recognition directly ,
But some of you had something to read about speech recognition .
I don't think it's useful enough to take the effort to design something with speech recognition .
and also if you have a good speech speech recognition , you can just throw the
because that's very hard for speech recognition .

And when it's switched off , you can push a button as it's working now ,
the energy source is the battery , .
if the battery is low , it won't work .
Production cost is t twelve and a half .
L_C_D_ doesn't work for twelve and a half Euros .
And and does it have to work only in English , or in Dutch too or

Damman . D_ A_ W_ .
W_I_E_S_ z Z_ or S_ ?
A_ E_ Z_ zee
Abbing . A_ B_ I_ N_ G_ .
And they had a lot of findings in their report with statistical thing with statistical proof .
I I had three pages with findings and sev a lot of a lot of findings .
the main thing is the usability , that's where we can make it a special product .
but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel .
But how can you remember what channel connects to what favourite button ?
play , pause . if that's usable
just use when you wanna switch between channels all the time .
You can choose blue or yellow
and the LED began to blink .
Is LEDs beneath the buttons ?

The same as a telephone , or a mobile phone , or what do you mean ?
on a mobile phone , in the dark
if a mobile phone a phone can do it , it's
to make it more like a mobile phone . More modern .
because the Like in the mobile phones , usability is not that good .

M_ . M_ . Double M_ .
got a email from the personal coach
it was a report about an experiment with a lot of users .
And maybe our fold open system is a good one ,
mo maybe we could make a clap system ,
Because if we make a ha whole new product , our own style , we c this is so difficult , a difficulty .
And that's the motto we are referenced to for our our style .
The company is about our th their own fashion , their own style .
That's fa That's fancy . That's fashion .
That's un invisible to the human eye .
the personal preference , I didn't fill it out .

