so it not gonna it's not gonna be a multi-purpose remote control ,
is that they want the slogan and the logo to be recognised more in the remote .
it seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy new technology , like an L_C_D_ screen on the remote control , speech recognition .
Second findings out of the questionnaire are the opinion the opinions of the audience about current remote controls .
they use teletext and not the internet on a remote control .
but it came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used on a remote control .
Just to get less buttons on the remote control , to make it easier and quicker to learn .
what I did was I dissected current remote controls
what I did was I checked remote controls
and the remote controls of today are all infrared ,
And the thing about that is the remote controls have to act as a T_V_ or a stereo ,
that wouldn't mean a cheap remote control for us .
we should be able to build a relatively cheap a cheap remote .
If somebody says , where is the remote , then it goes beep beep ,
but should we spend money or and time on building a receiver into the remote control ?
we shouldn't make a big remote control for simple functions ,
make a remote that fits easily in the hands
I had another idea about maybe parental control . ,
that he means that maybe by some option make that remote control and the T_V_ match ,
the functions , know , like the menus or the parental control must be all by the done by the remote control and not by the television .

When you mentioned improving functions , what what do you mean by that
Could you use perhaps one button for multiple functions ,
like example pressing it in longer makes it switch to an different function .
but what I did think about was when you mentioned about the the cup-holder , is why not introduce a speech function like where is the remote .
when the battery stops functioning we could just use you could just go out and buy a new one .
we have to keep it simple . Not too many gadgets and functions ,
Like I said , use one button for m multiple functions ,
I'm going to give a presentation abut some of the technical functions of these design and usability functions .
If you have fifty functions you don't want fifty buttons t to be shown at the same time ,
maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to to keep it accessible
or at least putting them somewhere on the remote where they're not in the way for the most important functions .
you you just see a menu from system functions or teletext functions , and you just choose one ,
an elder parents or grandparent picks up the remote from the little child and who's all in the systems functions , you'll have to have the possibility to turn off the T_V_ or to switch the channel without using all the menu structures to get back to the primary functions .
and the other functions , the more difficult functions to be maybe on the touch screen ,
Export . Maybe not export function .

but that if you want to do that , then you can't escape the fact that there will be buttons which give s more options than one .
Do we want to use a few options and might not be so or original , or multi-purpose as we thought ,
if you use a memory display on the T_V_ , you can simply push a more menu and then select the options you want to have and press .
if you use many options in one buttle button , display the menu on the T_V_
So maybe we'll loose a few option options ,
Not first change menu options or switch something .
like televi some o older telephones use a l maybe it's possible to flip them open and just expand the number of options that are normally visible .
b but make it a separate option in the menu ,
and maybe we can look out if there's options that the remote in its memory can see what kinda T_V_ it is ,
, it's a Philips , this and that , and then give the options that are capable
and it displays all your menu options .
Now we just connect the T_V_ type to a set of options , in just in the memory ,
the memory pops up the options .

one hundred respondents were involved
but at the moment teletext is , th the best thing you can get on T_V_ , like getting information .
What do you think about incorporating Bluetooth or a radio receiver in the place-holder next to the T_V_ , connected to the T_V_ ?
but nothing's happening on the T_V_ ,
current T_V_s can even send infrared .
you can use when you how do you call it , s synchronized , the remote and the T_V_ ,
they they all have to be programmed to fit your T_V_
, with the current remote controls , the universal ones , you have to press , you have to press a code for T_V_ .
if you look at the manuals from universal remotes , there are maybe three four hundreds T_V_s at maximum . If you have all of them , all the old and new T_V_s summed up ,
But , on the other hand on the other hand , if you have a remote and buy a new T_V_ that isn't incorporated in the remote
already digital information is sent t to the standards , T_V_ connections ,
so maybe j they we can send that information along with standard T_V_
You don't buy a T_V_ every week , new teev so .

but maybe use a hierarch hierarchy structure .
and then at the top or at the bottom , some menus like settings or that you can drop down .
Do we want to use a menu display on the T_V_ ?
and that's partly because a lot of T_V_s have different menus ,
and when you have a particular menu at your device , it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on T_V_ .
you d you have to keep in mind that several T_V_s don't even have a menu structure ,
or they have a very simple menu structure ,
and we have three of those , actually just menus with sub-menus , with or sub-items , sub-functions .
You just have a f a few selected buttons and a few menus ,
The menus are not identical for all th for all T_V_s ,
so this wouldn't be a extra feature to incorporate the men menus of these .

And one of the ideas was maybe use touch screen ,
it's maybe an option if you use an L_C_D_ or a touch screen ,
and more advanced options may be put it s somewhere away on the remote , behind a little little thing or a touch screen .
but then with something like a touch screen could make more menu up pop up .
the idea about touch screen is very good .
, they have like a touch screen with really big pictures on it like call hang-up ,
then what's gonna be displayed on the touch screen ?
Wouldn't it be better to make just one big touch screen , one small touch screen applet
If you make one big touch screen ,
and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest .
So you think it's will be better to have a t kinda total touch screen .
so use just for special options a part of the touch screen .
I've one little question about a total touch screen
because elderly people may be not used to a touch screen ,
but if you display it on L_C_D_ screen with r really big numbers
You can display actual buttons on the touch screens .
because , it's just not the same when you touch a touch screen
A touch screen , like Microsoft al already developed something like that for multi-media applications .
Paper size A_ four . screen size . In this directory .

First point is , seventy five percent of the users find the most repo remote controls very ugly ,
and eighty percent of the users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy .
So that's maybe something for the User Interface Designer .
so that would mean extra cost for the user
displaying to the user that something has happened .
That's that's so the h user won't be thinking , did the button be pressed , w what happened .
So that's just to to explain the of to make it clearer to the user .
that would be extra components , extra designs , larger g remote control .
so if you going to design a remote that looks good , that shouldn't weigh over the if it's possible to make , , but also the user friendliness ,
because one the one hand you make the remote control compatible for elder users just by scaling up the pictures .

the remote control shou should onl only be used for the television ,
And those interpreted by the device , in this case the television .
our remote won't be able to work on all televisions .
If the user is pushing a button he should know if the television or n at least remote is reacting and not just that the batteries may be low .
the channels are different on each te television ,
if you lock on a remote , let's say channel fifteen , channel fifteen on this television is different than channel fifteen on the other television ,
the point that you wanna use one controller for hypothetically each television ,
And also like a clapping li like device that pops open .

, persons were asked what the buttons were they use most , how much an hour ,
So you can have a remote control full of buttons , a hundreds of buttons ,
the energy source is connected to the infrared button ,
but the infrared button works only via the chip and the subcomponent to the switch
this case it switches a button ,
when a button is prush pushed in , a electric current goes through here ,
just hide the few buttons o of switching it open , the usual .
if multiple machines are used , create easy switch between the machines ,
and if possible , the buttons should give a dr direct action , not first select
and don't use combination of t of two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times for five seconds ,
keep the primary buttons visible .
But but you can open a from your pr from your laptop .

According to the frequency of use versus importance investigation , following buttons are most important .
and in the second table the importance of those buttons .
make clear buttons , easy to use .
Use big clear buttons . Not too many .
and that's a big ad advantage ,
But th the important buttons m make them always accessible and pushable and clear
so they don't you don't have a big thing full of buttons
My executive big room with the panting .

we have to impro improve the most used functions , as I said here , switching channels , teletext and volume controls .
just in the middle the general functions , like play , channel switching ,
especially the important buttons , if you want to switch channel , change your volume , use teletext , it it has to work at once
if you want to s put on stand-by or change the channel , that should always be possible to do .
if you want to change the volume or channel that is always accessible and easy
which allows parents to switch to all channels ,
if children the PIN code , they can't switch to violent channels or
thing is when you buy a remote , you set the channels ,
as being apparent that the children cannot use this change the settings of the T_V_ , like colour and then volume
but maybe if you log in first as a parent , you address the channels
vi violent channel ,
then you set the priority to only parents ,
so they want the normal functions like teletext , volume changing , to be , , kinda traditionals
then there's always , there are always possibilities to change the colour and the brightness and the volume

that's pretty pretty normal ,
people from sixteen to forty five watch a lot of T_V_ , more than people who are el elder .
people used to get lost off the remote controller ,
and in immediately , a l a bulb lights up
, because recently I saw news item on T_V_ about new telephones for elder people .
W we are aiming for younger people
that if you di display buttons about the same as they would look on a normal remote all elderly people will to do .

The method I used was giving orders to our usability lab to do a questionnaire .
so if we want to build a remote control with Bluetooth then the T_V_ should have Bluetooth too in order to communicate ,
as I mentioned ready , we have some Bluetooth
because my personal opinion is is not to do Bluetooth or radio waves ,
that's translated into electric sig electronic signals
where it will be received on the receiving end .
we should stick by with infrared transmitting and no receiving .
because when you want teletext on infrared you'd have to build in a receiver too ,
in order to receive the signals from what's on T_V_ and such .
So I my personal opinion is no receiver .
they aren't set in a preset order ,
but whe when you start building something like this you have to build a receiver into the t into the remotes ,
because in order for the remote to process something from the T_V_ , like to synchronise and you have to send and receive ,
then it's be back to the building a receiving if it's actually worth it to build it in ,
the specifi specific instructions for the next meeting you will all will receive at the the email .

welcome back . At the functional design meeting
so maybe it's an idea for us to design ex placeholder on side of the , , of the T_V_
I'll be explaining a bit about working design about the project .
what's my opinion about what's most important to combine the design , technical possibilities and the user friendliness in one ,
if you want to use a play and back and stop ,
and for some design issues , put a logo on it
and maybe use it in some aesthetic aesthetic form .
but if you pick the idea , the left idea
And so an elder designer picks up th the of
how late do we have to get back be back here ?

the current customers are in the age group of forty years and older ,
but with this new remote they will would like to reach a group younger than forty .
the first one , this scale , from sixteen to forty five age .
the second one is from sixty four forty six to sixty five .
, as you can see here , the market share for the first audience is about sixty percent sixty five .
second audience is thirty five percent .
and some interests from the age groups ,
, and when you see the audience , the age is going up , they don't really want it anymore , at least the new technologies .
we should aim at the audience from sixteen to forty five .
, first of all it's the biggest share , the biggest audience , sixty five percent .

the plan is that each one of you , so not me but only you will present the things you worked on the last half hour .
I had an email from the management board
But it's strange that the manage board the management board said that the teletext will be outdated by the internet .
So in theory you'd actually just move the problem ,
The energy source would be a battery , simple battery
so why should we invent w spend more time on those .
we shouldn't be spending time on teletext and st things like that ,
I figure that would be spending too much money and time
when you visit an internet site you don't want fifty links to see ,
and if you're looking for teletext you'll be searching for half an hour
like building in some PIN code
Ju just a simple log-in , something like that .
so that it's dif dis displayed from displayed here ,
you can de display it on the old style .
I've added the this four things from the management board just to keep in mind .
each time I I had a summary on what you told and what you personal think .
In codes , y you get a b a book with codes .
I have a Philips H_ fifty five
and you press code four five on the in the remote
maybe we can incorporate some U_S_B_ or a firewire connection ,
and download the newest firmware from from the internet .
and you could probably make a connection to an telephone line or a internet connection .
because all things are stored in smart board dot X_D_K_
I bring it to my personal room .
I gotta bring it home .

and internet will be the main focus .
, because it's one of the discussion points of the previous session .
and why several possibilities that we discussed in the earlier meeting falls off .
so tha that's some of the main points .
that in the middle are the main keys ,
th the main points in this in this meeting is how it's going to look

so not more than ten minutes per presentation each ,
Tim and Janus don't talk to ten minutes ,
So we have now a lunch break , finally ,
after the lunch break it's back to individual work , once again thirty minutes .
and I w will see you after the lunch break and the thirty minutes .
Thirty minutes lunch break ?
Thirty minutes lunch break , .
The questionnaire , fill in we fill out d after lunch or

and will put the minutes that I have at the end of the session in the shared folder .
Also the minutes of the previous session are also in the shared folder now ,
or an update , software update .
it's most cheap or cheapest to just do the updates at the service centre or at the shop .
press start , bling , updated .
so s they're updated in the shared folder too .
is it possible to store this on the share documents or what

second , and that's important for the Marketing Expert ,
and use all the facilities so that you have either SMARTboards , the Word files , what you whatever you want .
I have some new findings on Marketing Expert level ,
and my marketing department generated a report with a lot of results .
if we have to stick with current technologies and , the restrictions of what's is on the market today , you should keep it s at this .
And th those young people , . Y you saw it in my marketing report , they like the new fancy ,
but you have an international market range ,
I th don't think that's that takes a lot of storage space or some just varia variables .

