If you leave them on the whole time you get to look like a noodle the whole time .
we decided to use a kinetic charger ,
standard chip , it can come in various different sizes ,
The case material is gonna be soft , rubbery , changeable .
buttons with a combination of L_C_D_ and rubber according to the design .
bright funky designs inspired by fruit , keeping with the hip feel .
and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that .
and the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-R_S_I_ .
Me and William worked on a prototype ,
this is our look and feel presentation , the final our final presentation .
It's gonna have a plastic body with a standard colour , either we're thinking some something fairly neutral like a white or a light blue .
This is underneath the rubberised outer casing
which there'd be a wide choice
the wide choice of colours and patterns ,
and the the top L_C_D_ screen that you can see that would b would be how do you say , it's , it would be inset into the top
The black and white touch screen
so it'll fully close flat .
we've already said d decided on the kinetic batteries ,
which actually , thinking about it now , could y could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as ,
So put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections ,
we decided that the voice recognition system , it did actually say on the email that they were coming in
So you'd have something like where you'd shout out , where is the remote and it'll shout back , I'm here , .
It'll just shout out I'm here , to similar effect .
the standard , there's be a standard transmission with the T_V_ using all the standard chips that we've talked about .
so it would be joined at the hinge through some cabling .
And because , , all T_V_s use this , the same infrared medium ,
And the infrared sender would be on the on one of the bot the bottom layer , just at the front of the
So when you've actually got it open , it would be facing the T_V_ .
The top screen , as we said , is would be an inset black and white L_C_D_ s touch screen
whereas the bot the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons , like the vo volume up and down , channel up and down , power on and off , and things to that effect .
And now we've we also decided on the inside , we could possibly either have some bezzled logo on it , inset , or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top .
And finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics ,
This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the criteria that we got from our market research .
the collection of the criteria , as we saw in our previous meeting , was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company .
are we actually meeting those trends and requirements ?
The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel , technological innovation , it should be easy to use , it should incorporate current fashion trends ,
and those the two main ones , they were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colours .
The design should minimise R_S_I_
and we were still slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there ,
but there was also , on the sideline , the though of maybe having a beeper function .
we can come back to that slide , if you don't have a note of those .
I'll just show you how we're going to evaluate our own feedback to this , to what we have so far .
I'll call that slide back up ,
and I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here .
or A_ , B_ , C_ , D_ , E_ , F_
to confuse it with the number rating .
B_ , C_ , D_ , E_ , F_ .
Actually , it might be an idea , if we each did give our own individual rating ,
So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques ,
Criteria A_ , the fancy look and feel .
How do we feel about this prototype model relating to fancy it is a fancy look and feel .
Adding those up , we've got a six and a five , eleven divided by four is what ?
criteria B_ , criterion B_ , technologically innovative .
I'll work out the average for that again at the end .
I should've said a two to make the arithmetic easy , shouldn't I ?
because I'm not gonna get into silly decimal places .
it incorporates current fashion trends ,
now that's particularly in relation to our market research findings about the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours .
I'm just thinking , before I give it my rating , you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here .
the base colour was white or like or l a light blue ,
but the changeable fa faces would allow you to get any any one of a number of colours that th it's full customised .
So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that's what we're intending to do .
And the spongy feel is no problem with that .
th that's the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it ,
to does the design minimise repetitive strain injury .
we haven't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that .
but the very use of a remote control , if you're someone who's zapping , who's sitting like that , and we found so many people did , how do you minimise that on such a small device ?
the type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half , the material , minimises R_S_I_
it's not moving around trying to hit accurately the buttons in between .
It's quite obvious just big buttons .
And finally , last but not least , easy to locate .
have the designers come to any dec real decision on that ?
And are we happy with the costs on that ? That is going to be feasible , cost-wise .
we can adjust the volume on that , just as we could volume on T_V_ . So if sombody's in the other room or if T_V_s in different rooms , or .
And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in , then you'd realise that it wasn't in that room , you'd go into another room .
We've got our we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the six criteria there . That is for incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate .
The lowest rating we've got , which is really n it's not terribly low ,
i it's close around neutral is for the minimisation of repetitive strain injury .
Do we feel on the basis of tha of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it ,
for most of those ratings that it's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that ,
and I really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities , we could actually do much more to minimise that .
I hope that's clear to the team .
I presume that the screen will go blank ,
See , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning .
It was a regular chip on print
you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells ,
one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker .
But it has a slightly flattened bottom so it can sit . So it can rest .
It would just be a flat bottom with one curve . like a domed thing .
but it's slightly flattened at the bottom
We're using just a very low quantity of rubber compared to plastic .
because that's not incorporated in the cost of the remote you get .
But it is gonna be part of the total cost ,
There's nowhere else we can code for the rubber used in the casing .
No , we don't step on anyone's toes .
Might do , if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours .
Instead of going for kinetic how about going for a standard battery .
and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing ,
because the exchange range would make it about twelve .
We haven't been dealin we haven't been dealing with dollars though ,
so the highest we've got is the electronics here . and the interface .
If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries , would that make a huge difference ?
What I feel is , customers never said anything about the battery .
But shape and colours , that's something we shouldn't comprimi
And people are used to buying batteries ,
they're not gonna say I'm not getting this , I've got to buy a battery for a remote control .
it's samples sens sample speaker .
If we change it to the battery it's that's minus three .
We could do the voice recognition for , , business class , , like an upgraded version .
I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now ,
So should we just change the design specification then ?
If we if we're working to head office specifications as this is what this project team's working for , we can put in our recommendations for what we've found and what we the consensus that we've come to as a result of the meetings .
But we need to work to that specification to start with .
And the voice recognition sounds wonderful ,
that in itself is gonna make it easier to locate as a f in a first instance .
as you say , we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers
Is it twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty ?
, not meaning to doubt your words there .
two , twelve point two five times two is twenty five ,
Are they really going to quibble about ten P_ ? Or point zero one of a Euro ?
it said fifty percent of the cost .
I presume we discussed leadership and teamwork .
And I've certainly felt heard , listened to
We came to a very predic creative design , .
And Sarah , you coordinated the work very .
and all the points that were raised seem to have been sorted out ,
it would have made it into the final product if it was actually if we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out , maybe it would've come out a d little different ,
I liked the fact that we could say an idea and it'd be suggested that wasn't the best idea , but no one felt like shot down ,
you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh model .
Maybe we should think of branching out into children's toys and fake mobile phones as a side line . And fake R_C_s .
means , whiteboard , digital pens , etcetera , what does that mean ? Any ideas ?
How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information ?
we probably woulda used the outer email system more , had we actually had more time and if we'd been separated more .
I never thought of a remote control with a flip top .
It's really borrowing from other areas , it's , , bringing things from other areas in ,
as was shown by your presentation with all of the other controls , remote controls , no one's thought about it particularly .
so if someone's been shut in the room and said make ours a bit different from everyone else's ,
does anyone remember the remote control ?
because normally , the remote control isn't the product which they're trying to ship .
They're trying to ship the D_V_D_ player , the video player , the T_V_ .
But then when it everything is really smart , and you've just got this big chunk of black thing sitting on your coffee table , it doesn't go ,
if you could have something that's a proper funky thing , a funky item that's individual , individual to you ,
Surprising to me is like people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones , like a real want to see a new launch like that .
Like Sarah was telling , everything's
because just going back to mobile phones , this is the first change in remote control devices that really , , say is obvious and visible .
and tha that's where we've borrowed a lot of our ide our ideas from .
I see people wanting a model of the phone they were really happy with ,
and it's innovation for innovation's sake ,
and it's wonderful our company's so R_ and D_ based .
it's innovation for money's sake .
but you can't get the battery anymore for that type of phone ,
with recommendations that they the budget be increased ,
Do you think that's takes into account overheads like us being paid a thing ? And the heating for the building , do you think our budget includes everything , all the costs that are going out ?
it was just the produc just the production cost of the phone .
So it looks it looks like it's gonna be fifty percent profit ,
So maybe increasing it , you would also have to increase the price that it's sold at .
and there'll have to be another project team or a new project for us to look at those things .
I don't think that's something we have to look at and find a way of raising the cash for .
Maybe someone'll r run down and patent it .
I it's top secret . it's it is it's a conspiracy going on here . That's what it is .
and we've got the meeting survey and questionnaire .
we've got about fifty minutes to catch up with everything that I fell behind with ,
so I'll be delegating in my role as Project Supervisor ,
the celebration is the twenty five pounds .
I've got minutes for two of the meeting and the last thingy .
I didn't have to rate you on how much you influenced the meeting this time .