Move to the meeting room .
opening acquaintance , tool training , how to use the things here . project plan discussion , and then the rest of the meeting .
we're supposed to develop a new remote control ,
that's both original , trendy and user-friendly .
we're work we're working from top to bottom . functional design ,
then we have a meeting to discuss the results , etcetera .
And at the end of the day we should have a prototype drawn up .
we have available the smart board and the whiteboard .
and in the format menu you can select colour and line width , etcetera .
and you should draw an animal . you should explain with different colours and with different pen widths .
And you should explain why you draw that particular animal .
Can you use one blank sheet per drawing ? Or
I in the file option menu .
Do I have to explain why I chose this this animal ?
Is this part of our a acquai or introduction to each other ?
They l look like mole legs . With sharp nails on .
that's a fr friendly turtle I .
It's my favourite pet animal ,
they're cute , they're independent and cuddly ,
we have a financial aspect to this project .
we can sell them at twenty five Euros .
the aim is to reach to sell as much as fifty million Euros .
that's quite a big amount of money .
And the production cost should be the half of the selling price .
this industrati Industrial Designer should produce a working design .
the User Interface Designer should specify the technical functions .
And the Marketing Expert should come up with user requirements .
and in every step I have a s specific task to perform or whatever .
and let it work in to get ideas about how I have to fill it .
I had to focus on the working design , which you said .
according to the coffee machine example , I have batteries to supply energy ,
and we ye use button presses to activate or deactivate certain functions on the T_V_ .
It uses infrared light to communicate the signal to the T_V_ apparatus or stereo .
And for the changing up to the to all the channels and changing the volume .
That are the basic options for a remote control .
that it activates or deactivates specific functions ,
, you wanna ch flip the channel
from a marketing perspective , the function des design phase consists out of the user requirements .
there are a few means to reach that by doing research to see what existing products are there out in the market .
Are there any new functions which can be added to our product ?
therefore we have to do some internet search . for what applications do current remote controls support , and what are f featur features of current and future televisions ?
and we can interview current users and future users . What w what would they like to see on a new remote control ? especially for future users ,
but have you any idea so far as what the user requirements are ?
the distance from your television to your remote control has to be , , quite a big distance .
the use of the Industrial Designer can work on the working design , etcetera .
Do we only have to do phase one , the functional design ?
individual work , meeting .
And at the end of the day we have a final meeting .
And then I have to prepare I have to defend our design ,
I am gonna work on the conceptual design already
, is it gonna be a multimedia control centre ?
that is the user requirements part .
we have first to start with the basic functions
like l li like some remotes who are out there , which I know , there's one button which is very easy to switch between devices .
and then the same buttons control your video .
And another function I'll think of switch to your media centre ,
And then use your Windows media centre under your T_V_ with the same remote control . So with the switch , one single switch
but you'll ne need several other buttons for a video player .
You need a play and a forw fast forward and a stop function .
And and for a t teletext you need additional buttons as ,
We could just start with the assumption that's only for T_V_ and video .
And reserve the possibility to add other features .
So we have a basic starting point