so we got one of the universal remote controls , that you programme each of your things into ,
Can he programme his remote control or is it basic with that too ?

Now , we're developing a remote control which you probably already know .
What are your experiences with remote controls ?
My experience has only been being given the remote control with the object I buy ,
there's Sky remote controls and everything .
and the Telewest remote controls are silver plastic ,

I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful ,
So that's a problem regardless of any design modifications you come up with ,
The other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control

but that was quite good , the fact that you could You didn't have six remote controls sitting in front of you .
and just sitting there searching for the teletext button like that .

but on a mobile phone , you can press a key and it gives you a menu , it's got a menu display ,
, menus on new phones now they've got all these pictures and which makes it fairly obvious what you're trying to do .
and also and then a menu to go into with obvious pictures , obvious symbols and that's where you control recording and things like that .

But on , off , volume up and down , channel one , two , th that basic functions ,
In that you've got the basic buttons just for your play , volume , programme things

, my grandad can answer his mobile phone ,
I don't like the , the new phones that have got a Windows-based running system .
And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone ,

I've got we got we had three videos , a T_V_ and a amp thing all set up
using it to programme T_V_ and videos and things .

, and profit aim is fifty million Euros ,
I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do

appealing to a wide market ,
You've got market range international
just t we're not focusing on business market , any particular thing , it's everyone
just that it's going to be in the international market like Australia , America , things like that .

you can get to the top , with standing on a chair .
so that when you flip over the top , your screen is you can have a bigger screen in the flip over .

that's gonna be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps ,
Is it possible that for the older generation you could have like an extra button that you press for large print like you do in large print books ?

instead of having too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user , may h maybe have an L_C_D_ di display like that ,
you'd have to keep it down to a black and white L_C_D_ thing anyway , I'd assume .

One point four Euro would make a Pound like that .
about seventeen , seventeen Pounds , something like that .
Havi having said that though , if you wanna get one of those the ones on the market at the moment they're s they're about twenty pounds anyway .

finance-wise , we've got a selling price at twenty five Euros ,
half of the selling price is taken up by building it .

or is it going to make our product look a cheapie-cheapie option ?
production cost's at twelve fifty , so
, I how for twenty fi , or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get ,

and a section opens up to the other functions where you can do sound or options recording , things like that inside it .

we're not allowed to dim the lights so people can see that a bit better ?
And if it's somewhat similar to what you have on mobile phone , people might find it easier to browse and navigate also maybe .

dogs can som sometimes can make out between a thief and a person
so these are the three unique features belong to a dog .

, as you can see , the quality of the work today is
, what it just needs to be as long as it's self-intuitive and you can work out what everything's doing ,

and draw our favourite animal on the white board ,
and sum up the characteristics of that animal .

we've got half an hour before the next meeting ,

and you did say earlier it's got to be a accessible and usable by all age groups
Big target group .

Something that's easily moulded and produced .

, I'm very impressed with your artistic skills ,
I had a quick look at the company website

, leave me a space at the bottom ,

And I see them as majestic , and independent , and proud .
and I get to do another fantastic PowerPoint presentation .

It's not a vampire bat honestly .

grannies to kids , maybe even pooches should be able to use it .

You mean to save it lesser number .

pretty huge margin .

An eagle , again I'm thinking on my feet goodness .

I don't think it's a case of worrying about different languages and things like that ,

firstly it was an attempt at a T_ Rex

talk about the project plan ,

