we have the on off button at the tip , very visible , very big .
then decide what button layout we want , how many buttons ,
and if we wanna put any text on the device , like label on the buttons or put a brand name or a logo on it or whatever .
But I also like the b the side buttons on that one , like that's neat .
Could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for on off ?
the up and down buttons are used for scrolling up and down for a list of choices .

and we're using push buttons with a supplement of an on-screen menu .
this middle button here brings up the on-screen menu
and when you're working in the on-screen menu you use the other four buttons to navigate around the menu system and the middle button to select
Could the middle button of the on-screen menu function as a power button ?
the menu select button .
withing menus there are submenus ,
But that has a menu button separate from a select button ,
whereas if this one's both the menu and the select button ?
The menu system and the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing ,
but if we're making multiple varieties of this is where I'm getting confused .
a G_P_S_ system , internal G_P_S_ .

You can push the buttons with your thumb like a mobile phone ,
If you push if you're just pushing these normally , they're the menu buttons , if the volume buttons rather .
the two blue buttons here are for adjusting the volume .
And if it's repetitive movement it is gonna be only four buttons that you're constantly pushing ,
Or or like some crazy like electro-magnet , that you push it and it'll go zoom to the T_V_ and stick there .

we're choosing a latex case w in fruity colours that's curved
and then to choose what colours we want to make the buttons
but maybe we're also thinking that your middle aged man , for an example customer , might not want a fruity coloured remote ,
and we could also have alternative colours , one a more conservative one , one that's more fruity .
if we offer in a in at least three different colour arrangements .
It was rubber and special colour ,
I what the se the basic colour is though .
Are the buttons in special colour ,
but then the buttons will be in special colours ?
the buttons could ea could be up to three colours ,
we just started out by each taking a colour of clay and just fooling around with it

And it sounded like we had set like eight or nine buttons , including five pre-set channels .
If you press select once , they become channel changing buttons .
So you've got volume up and volume down on the other side here .
the red ones are for changing channels ,
and that's moves between your favourite channels that you've selected .
you have your channel changing , volume changing buttons and your menu button right here in the middle .
that they use the channel flipping and the volume the most .

ho how many times do you really , lose your remote control
if the remote that we've created conforms to the following criteria .
it's probably a little harder then most remotes to learn ,
Can we market this as the mango remote ?
maybe I should market it to some remote control company now .
I could probably take apart a remote control now if I really needed to .
because it would be relevant , like all the different parts of the inside of a remote control ,
That's like mine it was like , would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen or a multifunction remote control ?
and I got really like , I'm designing a remote control ,
we were talking about it and like i in my household at least , there's only about two places that the remote is ever

and press it with your same index finger .
If we press select three times , the menu with the other features and pro possibly also with your T_V_ channel choices shows up ,
and you press you press the right button .
I know that like people have like things they can put on their keys that you press it and it'll beep ,
I put my keys in the refrigerator the other night

something still a little bright to make it hard to lose , but
in terms of not losing it , do you think that on a scale of one to seven , how easy or hard is it to lose ?
. I'm a little I am a little disappointed that we didn't do a something for losing the remote ,
It was interesting though that they put that fifty percent of people say they have frustration with losing their remote
there are some of those like infomercial remotes that have things so you won't lose them .
You'll lose 'em in your pocket ,
But , I am notorious for losing my keys ,

welcome to our detailed design meeting .
Let's do the look and feel design presentation first .
, and does the design match the appropriate behaviour ?
Simple to use or simple in design ? Do ?
in that we've achieved almost all of the design goals that we've set

on the iPod , , you just every time you wanna go back you hit the menu button again
And these might've made us more willing to like take notes than to like write up them here ,
if we were all gonna stay in here all the time , then having the notes up on the whiteboard would've been alright ,
we did in first of all giving our meetings the time ,
the last time we had a lot of information , but at the same time not quite enough ,
I added slides , I added a couple slides each time ,

if people wanna grab hold of that ,
Because older people that aren't used to like texting with the thumb might find it a bit at first ,
I happens sometimes is that you tend to have meetings and then people sorta drift away without anything actually really being decided .
so it helped to have people say this needs to be done in five minutes .
it would just be a sentence like we did a survey , this is what people said .

and then I'll talk about the minutes from the last meeting , what we d discussed ,
which one are we roughly looking at to address whether or not it meets our s necessities ,
First we wanna know if it meets the fancy look and feel objective .
And does it meet our like demographic need for international appeal , that whole thing ?
I found that we did we could have used another five or ten minutes sometimes in the meetings .

and so how do you get back to the main menu ?
and it brings you back one level .
for two seconds , then it brings you back one level .

Remember earlier we discussed that people don't use a lot of buttons ,
also we talked earlier about R_S_I_ and wanting to prevent any like Carpal Tunnely thing .
It's really funny that you got spam in your work emails .
and then discussed how the buttons might work ,
I always do that , leaving it in my coat , and then like using a different coat .
how I sent you the email saying that PowerPoint minutes will be complimentary , rather than like repeating them .

in terms of making decisions , what we'd need to do is first of all decide on a form which of the three different shapes we want ,
we did a good job of making firm decisions at the ends of the meetings .
But here we got clear and decisive points at the end of the meetings ,
I was quite worried at the end of the last meeting that we weren't getting we didn't really have enough information to make firm decisions ,

is that where people are leaning then , the potato ?
The potato ? Are we leaning towards the potato ?
and he came up with the potatoey , mangoey shape ,
Potato mango shaped remotes .

and the next is , does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables ?
if I'd had more market research on the fruits and vegetables , maybe we could've taken that into account .
But the fruits and vegetables , they really my creativity , so .
People should really base their remotes on fruits and vegetables .

why don't we do a product evaluation using your criteria ,
Let's move on to the project evaluation .
So I what we're gonna talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project ,
when you were creating your prototypes here , did you work together or did you like do separate projects ?

and in that case you can't send an infrared sing signal to it to find it ,
even though this is like what you're init I'm initially drawn to ,
Our case material supplements
the case material will just have one colour ,
for the whole mat case material it's only one .
case material is rubber
If I'd gotten pictures of the different parts of the case , the different looks of the case , I would have probably drawn them up ,

I saved that to our our big shared folder ,
it was interesting that our market marketing expert did not agree with the marketing
feel like if you're really doing like a really big market evaluation , you wouldn't just have like one set of source ,

It's only gonna bring us down to thirteen point three anyway .
and that we have a market for it , especially if we can produce it at twelve point three
It was interesting what came out like later , like as I was doing the when I was doing the breakdown on the agenda that they gave me , that more points came out from your presentation even .
the thing was they would provide y an agenda with s like several points ,

so like channel zero would be t to switch the machine off ,
you have the on off toggle stem on the top .
like fancy versus creative it's different .
the toggle on off switch , it's really appealing .
Project process . Satisfaction with the room for creativity , leadership , teamwork , the means , any new ideas found .
Or or at least be c p creative enough to think of toggle switches

There might be something that you can do in the circuit board and the chip to make it make a noise ,
or just write on the white board ?
It's just inspiration about circuit boards .
my inspiration from last time is the in interior of a remote control being taken apart bit by bit , talking about circuit boards .
Now I have all about circuits and chips and transponders
in order to talk about that we would've had to have actual knowledge about circuit boards and things like

Would it be very difficult to just have an external device
in my opinion the for now at least , the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle
but if we had all the buttons in black , and a design in and the outside in yellow , that'd be our corporate one
and can we have like an R_R_ inscribed on the bottom ?
we didn't address the fact that it does need to b have a corporate logo ,
so let's make we keep that in mind that we ha that one of our colours concepts is corporate and has an R_R_ on it .
I'm very sad that I didn't get any links to the corporate website .
the R_ and R_ , especially if the yellow and black one .
they didn't give me any clear , like yellow , grey , or .

The little lightning bolt in it , very cute .
So d do people have a preference as far as feel and functionality ? .
I feel like this is simil or it's what already exists
and same scale for functionality , is it functional ?

you hold it either like this in your left hand
and it's easily adaptable to either hand .
or you can push them with your index finger of your other hand ,
so it fits in your hand nicely .
it's designed to be used either in your left hand or in your right hand .

It almost helps you ge keep a grip too ,
And if it's made of like latex , that whole idea , that's pretty .
Pretty hard to mess up .
and if it's made of latex or rubber I it's spongy all the way .
Do we think that the latex grip appropriately takes that into account ?
It's a pretty high learning curve ,
and usually , like whiteboards are good , like crossing out ideas , or like if we had like a brainstorming period .

and finally a do a production evaluation
And then finally we have the Martian or the pear , either way .
there's the final questionnaire and meeting summary .
Make in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the the final results
I'm glad they asked that question and didn't report the result .

it's approximately fifteen forty like that .
But all that you need to keep in mind your knowledge management . just wanna make you do .
done with the management , I felt managed .
And I felt the first two meetings , that I was coming in with no information ,
made me really like , I , throwing together PowerPoint out of no information
and yet they didn't provide us with information to we weren't provided with information to discuss that .

kinetic battery is a big one ,
they'll be like hey , I have never changed the battery .
I still haven't read the instruction book
it's the kinetic battery that's expensive ,
I am really into the idea of kinetic batteries now after reading about them .
I knew you can get watches that had them , like really quite expensive watches

and we think that each of these are so distinctive , that it's not just like another piece of technology around your house .
we had said before our two main things were simplicity and fashion ,
it's bringing technology and fashion together real really .
I don't think it's quite as fashionable as my robot remote
Gonna zoom in real quick .
Maybe with our little robot one we could've had him have a robot , alien , pear , whatever he is , have a little voice like , I am located

Just so , easy to learn will be separate ,
I have an Excel sheet that we're actually gonna calculate the cost ,
we the plastic is the plastic for the inside is assumed .
are the are the costs under twelve fifty Euro ?
we all needed them separately , on the whiteboards in this room .
the problem was , even when we just were creating from the Excel file , there wasn't like a option to select to somehow have it included ,

We figured it could stand up like this on your table , if you wanted it to , if I made the bot the bottom flat .
but the f the feature that we considered for it not getting lost .
because if your remote's lost it's probably under the settee
we could've picked a lot of features that would've made it really
did anyone have any other features that they think were important that we didn't talk about ?

it would make it hard to turn the machine off , to turn your T_V_ off .
the pen was a little distracting for me personally ,
like its heaviness , and like just being so conscious of like turning the pages , . That was a bit of a distraction .
otherwise the technology today was kinda .
Lemme go to the web page .
I was just kinda going by the web page ,

Just that it would se serve our audience .
but we have a simple chip , single curve ,
like we couldn't answer every single question .
I'm claiming it intellectual property .

