user interface design d industrial design ?

it will be a an international remote control ,
so really the remote control to be international .

as you will discuss about the remote control you will have to experience your with the remote control .

Maybe i industrial design's , it's the function design .

I'm user interf I'm user interface design .
the user interface design is he will design how the user will the relation between the user and the remote control so
I design the user f user interface ,

Our project is to create a new remote control
and as you may know there's lot of industrials interesting in creating a remote control ,

And when designing y the remote control just remember that it has to be a international product .

I_D_ is for the Industrial Design ,

And the industrial design , it is how the object will look like .

And U_I_D_ , it's for the User Interface Designer ,

And to be that really people will be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that don't exist in the existing remote controls now .

if we're the functional design , you have to do any individual work
and also to work on the design of th technical fun functions of the remote control

the user interface to design where the but button will be , .

it will be the same for the conceptual design and also the same for the detailed design . .

and then thi this would I converged to the User Interface Designer wi and then Industrial Designer .

just maybe be imaginative with remote const con controls ,

so the remote control has to be original , trendy and user-friendly .

and think of the user requirement specifications .

and you have to take care of the industrial way to transform it .

You you de you implement the core functions in the

And you have to keep it under twelve Euros and f fifty , so .

the selling price of the product will be twenty five Euros .

and the product costs will be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes .
you have to keep in mind that the product cost won't be maxim more than twelve dot fifty Euros .

you'll ha all have your spethisfispis specif specific role

as we want to sell it in the entire world ,

There was a step about drawing something in the board ,

we have twenty five minutes for the meeting .

And and the next meeting will start in thirty minutes ,

Maybe you can draw your favourite animal

, you have Qwerty , Azerty , French and U_K_ keyboard ,

The tool training is to try out the white board ,

you have to draw a rat if you want a rat .

and make a list of its favourite characteristics .

and as you may know it , I'm the pr project manager .

Transfer . It's a dog in a village .

