This is about the total remote control .
is the remote control fancy enough ,
it's also very handy if you make a side curve way to make the remote control very thin at the bottom at a bottom .
It's easier than the regular remote control .
, they are a lot easier to find than th than on the regular remote controls
it's the most useful remote control ever to be manufactured .
Remote control has colours that different that meet different target groups .
but it's for a remote control it i it would satisfy those needs .
it's easier to use than a regular remote control ,
when you made it a remote control of wood ?
but a wooden remote control only helps for old people we discussed ,
and I never new we have t we had to made a rec a remote control .

this the scroll button and the microphone on the sides here under .
The microphone could be just a minor hole on the left button .
using the scroll button on sides y I
You push the scroll button
, you push the scroll button
So you can scroll down too with the scroll button ,
We put ano an extra button in .
we gotta integrate scroll wheel and push button ,
if you can't push it you have to tap the options window button here and then scroll down with the d with with the button .

but It's the button where you can switch channels .
Also the buttons , are they easy to find ?
Are all the buttons easy to find ? Not only this buttons , all the buttons .
th the options buttons are not the easiest way to
where you have to find out what which sign or icon means on every button .
if you have the button at the right , I don't think you can find the option button that easy .
but you have y then you have here s written option on here , the teletext button ,
Remotes overwhelmed with buttons .
Instead of just finding out what an icon means on a button .

We could lose the scroll wheel .
You could make it just a regular scroll wheel .
You changed the scroll wheel
If we lose the scroll wheel and make it depending dependent on the touch screen
We dropped the scroll wheel .
Y yea the scroll wheel is dropped .
we lose the scroll wheel ,

But maybe when you scroll away and back it will be normal ,
So normal scroll wheel ?
Normal scroll wheel .

all the colour colours don doesn't matter that m that much now ,
but you can also make a wood colour , not just one single colour but a wood-like thing ,
special colours , fruity colours .
no that's just normal colour fruit colours .
but it's a special colour than just rubber colour .
But the colours . how ma the colours like l she told , is that all the colours we add
Special colours , all the colours you want ,
but when you use more than one colour , it's a special colour .
But when you use the colour that's not originally the rubber then you use special colour ,
so you always lose the special colour .
and then you add you have two special colours on top of the one we have now .
So each remote with a special colour .
You don't need four of those four of those special colours in one remote .

And the screen light blue .
this is the total interface that f of the L_C_D_ screen .
especially because of the microphone and the L_C_D_ screen also .
because it has an L_C_D_ screen , a mi microphone .
But that's vantage of L_C_D_ screen ,
L_C_D_ screen and scroll .
the L_C_D_ touch screen is feature .
you have all buttons on it which you'd like , microphone extra , L_C_D_ screen extra , scroll thing extra .
and there are different screen shots , so or different screens ,
But then we have to scrap L_C_D_ display ,
First of all I didn't think that we were able to make an L_C_D_ screen first point ,
actually you could make an L_C_D_ screen but no mic , or it could make mic but no L_C_D_ screen , when you look at that .
Then it pops up pop up screen came .

we also made some ideas about how the options menu would work .
and a drop down menu or a pull out menu comes out
it's also to see that we made a small menu , the options menu becoming available when pressing the scroll button ,
and we think that it's very handy to put it not under the options menu , but in Yes . In an apart
You can see very clearly now that the teletext and options menu isn't taking much it's taking much part of the screen ,
if you put it on the top you always get see the options menu .
because when you push on the options menu , you get the various options entirely explained . Entirely explained .

Remote control is hard to lose .
but a har A hard to lose is good .
So it should this question should be hard to lose . It's difficult to lose it .
that wou that would be quite hard to learn to use it .
'S possible to lose curve .

and you get the options becoming available . T_V_ settings , remote settings , et cetera .
Remote settings , et cetera .
If first time see the thing you didn't adjust set the microphone , and then you lose it , then you have lost it .
and then you have the audio settings , channel setting , video settings .

because wi with the you have to push the arrows and with a normal T_V_ remote .
Normal colours , yellow
but we are we have yellow , red , black , titanium .
You co you could make it always black , like normal remote .

For young people it's easy to use .
M maybe that's the most user friendly and easy to use .
it sh and it's easy to find .
The easy volume up button .
And the menu is avail that is available is easy to use .
it is easy for to design something and then load it in your computer .

but those are more fancy functions , not really many features .
and that you can change the channel's feature ,
and that you can change the volume is feature ,
and that you can change the options of the remote , something like that . .
you have the screen features , audio features ,
Perhaps we've got features that don't exist in the Excel sheet .

people regularly read from left top to right down ,
fancy enough means , does it comes to the younger people and the elder people .
I if you don't make it green , then the elder people won't like it .
It's easy to use , as for younger as elderl elderly people .
Remote control mainly be sold to younger people .
because w we designed it for young people especially ,
Dissatisfy younger people .
Because younger peoples are cr critical
younger people usually use the remote control to put on the volume . Turn turn up the volume .

it's looks fancy , especially with the green colour . And the curves which we decided ,
Only what happened to the single curve we spoke about last meeting ?
the single curved idea was
Single nee single curved .
Double curved was see ju three dimensional .
If you make it a flat one , s n it's no curve , you got no curves .
and the single curved to uncurved .
and you make i and then you can make the spec single curve , .
So it would be curved , single curve .

But b al but we also have sample speaker , do
we should scrap the sample speaker .
Scrap sample speaker ?
The sample speaker is two d , f s four points .
But the only option is to drop the sample speaker .
To knock the sample speaker , .

To function it doesn't really have to be sm big .
by which we can evaluate the design of the remote control by the questions we requirements from the of the users .
like question , is remote big enough , we can say it's true or it's false by steps .
That was a big requirement of the old people .
It's b bi little bit too big to write .

And would it be easy for them to use the speech recognition ?
You say you say record to the speech recognition ,
you should drop the speech recognition .
we dropped the speech recognition together with the speaker .

And the R_ and R_ logo ,
You can see the remote control is R_ and R_ .
, there's R_ and R_ in front .
but not R_ and R_ yellow .

Questionnaire with seven point scale from one to seven , from true to false ,
You lose this one , you got eleven point five
the means , we discussed the smart board ,
and maybe I should walk out of the room when you discuss this point ,
And what were the other points to improve this whole process ?

the numbers , which is pretty straight forward .
this the one number or two numbers button .
and maybe the other can use that thing to count numerous functions .
count number of functions ,

you pay half per remote .
Earlier when we selected it , w I couldn't erase anything .
I already erased half of the line .
It's now half past four half past three ,

They don't work so hard at the finance department .
So you would say communicate during our individual work .
probably to simulate the whole working process ,
like she told . Then you can work together too by mail or by , , chat , something ,
You got some standard ideas in your head
And so more time w might have improved the quality of work ,
more time during the individual work phases .

a separate button for text ,
you can draw over it with white pen .
S Difference between lines and text and the pen .
Why should we be separated from each other in those difference different rooms ?
perhaps it is easier to get one of those dig digital pens or so
Because when you put this pen on the screen for exam and line is d being drawn at two or three centimetres below .

You have to add something to the rubber to make it green .
They don't sell green rubber plants .
but the rubbers alls original black .
Add it copy page .

The three important things of refa are from th of this year is are ,
Young means sixteen to forty years .
And elderly from forty eight to their death .
if you're fif sixty years old , you're holding one of those things in your hand
Y you can't lose it if you're sixty years old .
Or if you're sixty years old , your demands

which is for now the detailed design meeting .
the detailed design meeting ?
the finance aspect , whether we can afford what we have designed ,
I hereby officially close the meeting

not main documents this time .
my task was this time to put up a questionnaire
And we should then move on to the production evaluation because of the time .
The project because of the deadlines you didn't had the time to have , you didn't have time to to make a very qualitati qualitative presentation .

With two batteries , the whole print plate and t and top , and if you're holding it quite a lot
one battery , with two small batteries .
Do you use a hand dynamo , a battery , kinetic or solar cells ?
Electronics , simple chip
Could could we do it on a regular chip on print ?
we have advanced chip on print .

and if we can commence the final part which is the production or project evaluation ,
you just make the back of this part a bit bigger ,
the next part might be a little bit difficult to do in a group ,
and we're going to calculate the production costs ,
and then we are going to the project or product evaluation .

created separate folders
because it was tending to get a little busy in our shared project documents folder .
save in the folder . Save as project .
file save as the J_ PEG .
Can you find it as a J_ PEG ?

And this is the the on off knop , the stand by knop .
And missed when I was typing The R_R_ stands for ?
X_ marks spot .

and if they are under or at twelve Euro fifty ,
Twelve Euro fifty .
You just sit there for ten minutes .
At some times I Sometimes I received like five emails at one moment ,
I got like one email after ten minutes .

because I have to write the final report now .
so try to include it in the final report .

we can make it brown , dark brown , not wood .
lik and information was a bit low , sometimes ,
I if that's the best way to when it isn't is it when it is too expensive to quickly re-arrange it and say , , this is it ,
And everybody's very happy . At least I am , with the results ,

