This is our functional design meeting .
I'm also putting 'em them in the shared folder .
So then I we'll talk about our general objectives
I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received ,
and then we have to make a decision on our remote control functions .
We're starting this meeting at approximately twelve thirteen
First of all the functional design objectives .
we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification , what needs and desires are to be fulfilled , the functions design , what effects the apparatus should have , and the working design , how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function .
And then you have to press function F_ eight
I if you guys are able to get access to the report that was online
we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked .
I Real Reaction did some market research .
They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab
and they watched them watch T_V_
and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had .
What they found was they analysed people's desires and needs .
Focusing on their desires , people specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly ,
seventy five per cent of the a hundred subjects noted that
more importantly though , eighty per cent said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote .
also they did some questions on voice recognition
and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age ,
so younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition ,
whereas the older people in the like sixty and above segment or so did not really think that they would pay more money for voice recognitions .
That being people k frustrated with losing their remotes .
, over fifty percent of the people mentioned that was their biggest frustration .
People are also frustrated with the difficulty it is to learn how to use a remote
It also mentioned something called R_S_I_
and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what R_S_I_ is ,
Repetitive strain injury .
So I the carpal tunnel type thing , people do not like that ,
the repetitive use , I , caused a strain .
looking at the needs people specified , the problem right now is that people's remotes are not matching their operating behaviour .
People are only using ten per cent of the buttons that they have offered to them on their remote .
And what people do most often is changing the channel and changing the volume .
People also zap like to change the channel , about sixty five per cent during an hour of use .
So we really just need to focus in on those volumes and channel changers rather than things like the audio settings , the screen settings and the channel settings ,
the idea of an L_C_D_ screen was brought up
although they didn't have any details on what people's preferences on that were ,
also just the phenomenon that less is more when it comes to the buttons on the remote
make that , , something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on the remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often .
And in order for us to win over to the consumer we just need to focus on what it looks like ,
's move on to the next presentation on effects .
I'm gonna talk about the technical functions design of the remote control .
We need to start by considering what a remote control actually is .
It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television ,
it sends a message to the television
how do we actually go about designing a new television remote control ?
so we need a clear idea of exactly what this product does ,
a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product ,
sorta find out what people think of 'em .
using a remote control is quite a subjective experience . ,
we should remember that remote controls are a fairly standard piece of equipment .
When a users using a remote control , he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places .
So in some sense we're gonna have to aim for a device which is fairly conventional in design
so that we're not completely shocking people .
But within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas
also in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities .
what can we do with the current state of technology as it is .
we need to find a balance between features and price .
things like voice recognition would add to the price
but it would also im improve the design of the product .
I had a look on the on the web to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls .
and what can we do to make our product stand out from the large majority of remote controls .
Here's two examples probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum .
on the left here we've got an engineering-based design for a remote control ,
, it's got forward , backwards , up , down , channel numbers , volume , freeze frame .
It's just got the essential functions of the T_V_ changing the channel , play , stop , volume .
you can't use it say to freeze the television picture .
there's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control .
So we've got to find our find a way of striking a balance between the two .
as I said before , remote controls are subjective ,
personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple ,
it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often , changing the volume , changing the channel .
I don't wanna walk across the room just to adjust my television .
It's funny to see the drastic difference between those two remotes . .
And that's why companies like Apple've 've made a lot of progress .
that was just on the d on the company web site , .
this is our working design presentation .
what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function .
one of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder .
because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans
and then you get coffee at the end that's and hot
because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work .
working designers figure out what you need to make it fulfil this practical function ,
the easiest thing to do is to break down all the points
So you make a schematic of the way that the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function .
And then the easiest thing to do is gonna be work on each task separately .
the findings that I got very just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver
the user interface is critical here ,
because a lot of the things that happen in a remote control happen through the chip that controls that converts the electrical energy into data ,
so the chip that Ian is designing , is gonna be crucial .
because they're the one that's controlling most of the working design .
the components that we find here are the energy source , the battery or whatever that's gonna m make it work , then the chip , which converts the data , the user that's controlling the chip , and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver .
which then brings energy or information to the chip ,
You have energy going to the user who's controlling the chip
Double click on it . With the right with the left hand one .
So you have your energy source , your user interface who's controlling the chip ,
and the chip through the use of the user interface is gonna control the switch
which will work your infra-red bulb ,
which will then bring the data to the receiver .
This is the parts of the working design that need to be figured out .
And personal preferences , besides the fact that I can't spell , we need a long-lasting energy source ,
We need a chip that works with the user interface ,
We need a straightforward interface , like Ian was saying , simple , not overwhelming it with information
and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal ,
Lefty loosey , righty tighty ,
Lefty loosey , righty tighty .
I suppose it's similar to a very basic web browser .
you have like you have numbers on your remote control ,
y and you type in the page number you want ,
so like you type a hundred on your remote control and
this index appears on the television screen with just some text and some very blocky looking graphics on it .
And you just type numbers to go to different pages
and it gives you information , mostly rather boring like what's on T_V_ next and share prices and that thing .
Lottery numbers and sport scores .
But if you ever see the T_V_ saying like go to page one sixty on Ceefax now , that's what they're talking about .
It's earl it's pretty old technology .
we're not gonna the management has decided we're not gonna work with that .
like your question earlier whether this is going to be t for television , video , or etcetera . Just for television . That's what we're focused on .
We only have a short amount of time .
and finally there's more marketing , , , our corporate image has to be recognisable .
while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design .
It's It's yellow colour with we put fashion in electronics .
we need to talk about our functions and our target group .
You in your analysis of different market of the marketing , you identified that different groups wanted different things
that that older people didn't really care for voice recognition ,
if we're gonna say that function fashion we put the fashion in electronics then you automatically , , a younger group that's who's gonna be attracted to this .
It's gonna be twenty five Euro remember ,
so it has to be avai marketable to whomever it is .
Is it is it something that's gonna be sold separately from the television
so it will probably be sold separately , twenty five Euro by itself .
The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation
after thirty five people don't really care if it has voice ,
so it's like fifteen to thirty five that think that's a good idea .
I'm gonna be given any other numbers broken down in terms of age later ,
but if that's the only quality that we have that is divided into age then we would wanna stick between the fifteen and thirty five range .
that's probably a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway ,
that's all specific for speech recognition .
Especially if we are marketing it as a separate product , people are gonna be paying
we've got a price limit of was it twelve and a half Euros for to produce it ?
And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises .
I what else you can put in a remote to make it technologically advanced though .
but why are we aiming for a technological advancement ?
they might be overwhelmed with remotes that have too many buttons and too much technology .
If someone's looking to buy a new remote , don't they want like an upgrade ?
Like some T_V_s they have a a sliding screen on the remote control of it
that hides all the complicated buttons .
So if you wanna do something complicated like programme your television or re-tune it , then you open up this little hatch or slide the screen down
and if you like get the instruction manual that comes with it and you just don't even read it then you'll never even know that those things can pull out .
we have to be careful that doesn't impede the chip transmitting information ,
Si simplicity and fashion .
that we have to keep in mind in with everything we do . Simplicity and fashion and , , or usability
which includes an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional ,
The battery and that that the chip takes the data and presents it , without scattering .
So 's just the quality of the chip .
The quality quality of all the components really ,
So our target group , we're saying , fifteen to thirty five ?
which I feel like voice recognition is not necessary in a remote control ,
And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice ,
It's for , like , the ultimately lazy people ,
who can't even be bothered to pick up the remote .
if I get m more numbers , I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages .
especially if it's a hundred subjects that th they then can subdivide into age groups that means there's very few in each age group ,
can we narrow it down to maybe teenagers and families ?
the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages .
so it's going to appeal to people , maybe people who have problems with technology , , people who get scared by having lots of buttons ,
which is something that definitely appeals to younger people .
maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age ,
. aim for a an income group .
and like how recently have they bought their television like that thing .
So maybe it's more useful to d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is
Like a button on a T_V_ you can press
fifty per cent of the fru f like frustration someone can have that was the biggest one
and half the people said that happened
we have about four minutes left to define our functions .
And we want we want large buttons for the essential things .
Large , accessible buttons for the essentials .
We want a possibility to to get a possibility to get the extra functions .
or not hidden but they're they're not as prominent as the main features .
Battery ? Do we need a long-life battery ?
I suspect the remote control does need a battery ,
I don't think of a way you can operate a chip and convert that much data without one .
But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone , or like a little cradle for your iPod .
that might contribute to less people losing it too if it stays in one place .
after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks a questionnaire and a summaries summary .
After that we have thirty minutes of individual work .
I'll make to put up the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides .
I_ I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept ,
User Interface , the user interface concept ,
market trend wa watching .
And as per last time you'll get specific incrat instructions from your personal coach e-mailed to you .
And hopefully , I hope , next time you'll be able to access more of the web site
Be to note any frustrations or any issues that come up in your summary .
in there we have technical functions presentation , working design presentation and the functional requirements .