, welcome to the detailed design meeting .
especially we looked at the form , material and the colour .
The logo is is pretty obvious to see on the remote control ,
it is necessary when you want to build your company f to a level higher .
our interface elements , there are shown in the drawing .
the volume at the side , and the other side is the programmes .
And then we had just two buttons , we place them in the middle , the menu , and for the teletext
no , the mute button misses now .
Alright , and you gotta point out which is the volume button and which is the programme button .
d I call it teens and twenties .
All n no , that's kinda dependent on the television .
becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of seconds
I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons , but you still can , know , you can still select the twenty a number in the twenty or in the ten .
Yes , but no remote control nowadays are they come with the television .
when you put a button on it with like one and then a dash , it's the same thing as when you just push the one ,
because it i it first gives you the functionality of that separate button you also had to apply .
No no . So some television respond differently .
When you push the button , the remote control gives a signal .
I in th in the first place it gives a signal which it would also send when you put a separate button on it .
and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one .
it works if you haven't got a special button for it , if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a line , which is an empty space .
, but it's exact the same that w would appear when you put a separate button push a separate button .
Yes , but some old televisions you have to click on a special button , then you go to a next level , you can push two buttons .
That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one in on your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can still put another number on it .
When you don't have that separate button , and you push y one , it's exactly the same thing .
the remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only had
You you can wai when you push the one you can show on the telly a one and just a dash , and then two seconds
and a g remote control gives another signal after five seconds that is just one .
No , remote control doesn't give signal after five seconds .
Remote control is a stupid thing .
If you push a button , it sends it immediately to the television .
I know for that some televisions that w th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons , it still works .
We'll discuss them in the usability lab .
And the button for the SCART audio video external input .
What I said about the remote control sending another signal , that might not be true ,
, remote control sends one signal at one button press .
I do think that m T_V_s support mur multiple remote controls . M
When you press one button , you give one signal .
And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher .
When you make the technology that it will give more signals , it could work , but
Just a basic idea of the most most y most common and simple operations on the remote .
I kinda miss the docking station .
there's one function and that's n the one button when you want to find it .
But maybe we can make the docking station a bit standard for the other products we sell ,
because Real Reaction sells more products than only remote controls .
So maybe we can use the docking station , , M_P_ three players or
that's very difficult , because of different shapes of devices .
when the when o the lowest part of it , when it's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same
When when the recharger has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it .
It's leaning . It's leaning backwards , , in the docking station .
Yes , little holer littler , little products go deeper in it .
let's ha let's talk about the docking station later ,
because maybe we have to consider the docking station anyway , because we have some cost issues still to come .
the f the look and feel would be great on this remote control ,
because you always will pick up the remote control in the smallest area .
Then your left thumb of your right thumb is near the programme button ,
Yes , on the side there will be a strip of rubber ,
and in the middle there is a hard material , a bit hard plastic with a light behind it .
added lights are gonna be a problem too .
Yes , we can make also n neon lights on it , or the buttons that can make light on it .
The all the aspects of the interface buttons were
because we're gonna use one colour for the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber ,
Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons .
And they're be a they'll be in the same colour as the rubber on the side .
And we should use a darker colour for the plastic ,
Yes , maybe we can use on the lights on the side we can use multiple lights ,
We gotta do that on the right the most right-most screen ,
Right , we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points .
the positive things has to be on the left , so I said not ugly instead of ugly .
we gotta give points to to all of these to evaluate that design ,
and forget the drawing skills of these guys .
The remote control is not ugly . How do you feel ?
so if maybe a lot of people find it really ugly , , o other people find it really .
the fronts will give it a more less uglier side , because you can make it in your own
more to your own personality or house style .
No , not fronts . Different designs . Different colours maybe , .
The remote control's that n makes zapping easy .
The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible .
The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons .
The remote control has got a really trendy look .
Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons .
Remote control has got innovative technology implanted .
Innovative in generally or just f original for
, you didn't draw the docking station .
Yes . The docking station is a little bit innovative .
A docking station is innova
the docking station , it's gonna be a a problem .
, let's leave it open for for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway .
. that's very innovative for a remote control .
how would you innovate a remote control more ?
, more through like function T_V_ functionalities and
must be innovative technology for remote controls , but more in how you control , not in how you find your
Remote control is easy to use .
I found twelve questions so much , but it still is ten .
Remote control will be bought by
It will be bought by people under the age of forty .
and comparing with people of th of the age above ?
, that is not the question . It's just w it will be bought by people under forty .
The remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan .
Remote control's got a basic design intended for novice users .
We gotta add up the scores now to see our total average .
Four , five , seven , nine . Forget that . Fifteen , seventeen , twenty one , twenty four , twenty six .
when we score higher on innovative technology , we would score two ,
Because I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has
, we gotta fill out another questionnaire .
I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together ,
First of all , the all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list .
But let's st start with beginning .
we indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them .
We don't need kinetic , solar cells , hand dynamo .
we should know how many simple chips , regular chips
it was your job in the first meet , f your first presentation to make this clear , but then you had some t time problems .
The the email I got said simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever device , it will cost a bit more , like the advanced chip maybe .
Bec No , the they didn't know about a retriever or a speaker in it .
And with the retriever , it would be an advanced chip .
, point out the advanced chip for now , I .
The sample sensor sample speaker .
made out of plastic and rubber . And with a special colour .
Otherwise , you get a standard plastic colour .
because I re but I really don't understand that , because imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it wouldn't be possible according to this sheet .
The the yellow row is the amount of
Fill in the number of components you plan to use in the and the total cost
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen .
And plus these two , f plus the mute button , and it's will be eighteen .
Y I do I don't get the point , because it's would be s relatively so expensive , just these m small buttons .
Is it cents , the fifty cents a button ?
Fifty cents for one single stupid button .
It's eighty percent of the price of the amount of
I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per per button . Really .
When you have the same amount of button , you have to put in wi in your carton . Board .
I've seen one one remote control with only the pu , only with page up , page down and volume ,
They can handle that remote control ,
But then still , when we there's no room for a docking station .
We'll give the buttons special colour .
, we should mark the special form thing ,
because it this will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons , I .
A special colour , why a special colour ?
Because the buttons will be d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings .
all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that's what we were planning to do ,
because i has rubber . And the buttons have to be rubber .
, but the problem now is that the There's no such thing as a docking station in this list ,
but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents .
But we can sell the remote control and sell the docking station
but what we can say of can almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without the docking station .
then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore ,
if it's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents .
the special colour thing has to be marked .
But for two Euros and thirty cents , we we don't get a docking station .
Because when we don't need a d a docking station , then probably we also have only we also need a simple chip .
if it would cost two Euros , that had a total thing , it would be too ,
we're not gonna add a trip to Hawaii to it .
or we can ki do the kinetic cells .
But what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ?
because we don't have special functions to use in advanced chip , .
, but when we skip when we when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station , then we still , we need something else maybe to make it special ,
I like the hand dynamo part .
We can make a plain docking station for two Euros .
Wi wi without recharge
It still is a special remote control cons , wi its form is special and material .
but we can make a docking station for two Euros if you don't put the recharge function in it .
, but for two Euros , then we have still maybe we have to use the advanced chip ,
because then we'd thirty cents left .
for the for the docking station if you do if you choose the simple chip .
we have to find out with the simple chip .
That's the question . If we do i do we need an advanced chip , or is it f
and what is this ? Sample sensor sample speaker .
I've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about advanced chips or
At the end circuit there is an infrared LED .
Was it working design or components design ?
We can use a simple , a regular , or advanced chip .
The display requires an advanced chip .
that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it me requires
it s only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip .
A display is , , for showing letters . For showing text .
the normal simple chip will be .
And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ?
Maybe you can say against the remote page f page up , page down .
Twelve Euros and fifty cents .
Nah , there is some money left to be spent .
, but what we have to think about now is that is it still a special remote control ?
we aren't gonna apply any innovated innovative te technology anyway , .
I don't see any possibility to do so , because it would wouldn't fit our defi design philosophy .
the rechargeable thing was something to know , so y so people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore .
Kinetics aren't nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking .
if it was r useless technology , they wouldn't put it as a possibility .
solar cells are useless .
the target group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking .
Because it when there w was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic power source , then it would be this one .
We can make a docking station for two thirty .
Fo for a docking station .
Ca can't we make a docking station of that ?
With a cable , with buttons on it , with retrieval device in it .
The power device is i is very cheap .
That's just a regular power cable and whatever .
, but be serious , then the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control .
wi with a button to retrieve it , so it will beep .
but we we don't inc we haven't looked at the these costs of the speaker and other .
Colour a the colours are special , the form is special .
maybe it with the kinetic thing , we could do do a compromise with the kim kinetic thing .
No , then we have to sell it for thirty Euros .
You can sell for twenty seven and a half .
Then you make as much profit as you would with twelve and a half production costs .
my suggestion is to just forget about the whole docking station thing
I also feel this concept of making it kinetic ,
because of the , it g it gives something dynamic to the remote control .
Maybe we can do it both in the in the remote . Battery and kinetic .
You you gotta throw throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really .
, a watch is kinetic because you walk all the time .
Becau be but a remote control gets
Yes , solar cells are also stated .
, m but a w n a calculator also works on r on solar cells .
Because the d whole dynamic part , do , appeals to me qui thinking of our design philosophy , ,
with the rubber parts and sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and
I something like that , where you have to move it around very frequently , is demotivating .
No , I don't move my my remote control very much , .
, then we d , y we don't have to do it , but what that would just have a lack of key features , .
the case alone for remote control is at least one Euro .
Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station .
Cheap remote control .
No no there's still someth concept and something special left .
it's gonna excel in on in the range in the field of design and looks and feel .
, and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as , to give it some just to give it some extra special feature ,
They're they're not putting technologies on this , but if it was impossible to make it happen .
Warning , finish meeting now .
we gotta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest .