see what people want in a remote , what buttons are used more often , and s like that .

, you want one remote that maybe can work all of the functions of T_V_

. it's a T_V_ remote control .
A new remote control for T_V_ .
maybe we should just concentrate on having a good T_V_ remote ,

I'm not if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though ,

so you gotta you go , you're gonna be the one that's working out what buttons we need . .

experience with remote control ,
get some rough ideas for what our experiences with remote controls have been
Right , who's got experiences with remote controls then ?

Project aim is a new remote control .

but the functions that we're that we want are that it can control the T_V_ ,

you actually just putting three or four different remotes together but making them thinner , and into one .
Remotes spinning out from other remotes and having little nested remotes inside .
like we had five or six remotes and they would be lying on the c on the coach ,

remote controls can be thin bits .

but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it .

, we're before we close the meeting , we're supposed to come up with some ideas for

at the end of the day if it says just T_V_ remote , doesn't say com combination with all the r

We should have a back-up plan of just a really good television remote control , that just that is just for a T_V_ , but it's just a really good , one .

Project method , functional design , individual work , another meeting ,
conceptual design , individual work , and a meeting of details design ,
individual work and a meeting .

Or grandma as , it's like what is the mute button .
or big buttons for touchy buttons for
so you don't accidentally press a button or record button for something .

and then on the other side o one a remote control that would be very simple with just the channel , program plus and minus , and the just the mute button , .

F flip it open and you've got all the buttons , or you flip it closed and you've just got the basic buttons on the outside maybe .

User Interface Designer , that's that's

Sorta find a niche for our remote , like market it to a certain p people ,

I have no idea what my favourite animal is .

stage one was technical functions design ,

and then after we've found out what we can like , some different ideas , we can then go and do the research to find out if these any of these ideas are feasible or not .

Miss Industrial Designer , would you like to go first ?
Industrial Designer , you are the one , , you're gonna be working out box it goes in , I so ,

You're the one that's gotta go and find out do th do the research ,

I by the end of this meeting we should have at least a rough conception

like a lock f like a lock functs function on it like you have on your telephones ,
it doesn't have to have a flip function , it can just have a lock function ,

. so we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface ,

, we've been warned to finish the meeting now .

and if you have whatever associated with T_V_ the D_V_D_ player , like that ,

And Mister aesthetics designer do you wanna go next ?

so , I that was the test to see if this equipment is all working .

real keep it really simple on one side and the other side be very complicated .
One side for kids , one side for adults .

it's gotta be can't cost any more than twelve fifty to make .
It g can't be more than twelve fifty per unit .

the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our ideas where .

every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal .
it says you've gotta sum up your f your favourite characteristics of that animal .
and it's best characteristic is it's the awesomest animal .

See , I'm just thinking bearing in mind th we've gotta we have to have something that's cheap to make .

The back end of an elephant .

. Miss mar Miss Marketing ?

have one very complicated one on one side with all the D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ access and ,

I was thinking something that's got different like maybe a an L_C_D_ display on it that's got different pages for different devices ,
but also devices connected to the T_V_ , , be able to operate

That's a very pr pretty cat .
Close pr I how much it would cost . .

Which also has what ? A big fat body and
Are we are we going for like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's big and

But what'll make it interesting for people to buy though ?

Opening , acquaintance , tool training and project plan , discussion and then closing .

How do we sta wa how do we start ?
Next meeting starts in thirty minutes .

Like they don't flick onto channels and all that sl flick onto .
No porn channel for children .

a combination of a lion and tiger .

selling price twenty five Euros ,
profit aim fifty million Euros .

It's original , trendy and it's user-friendly .
User requirements specifications .

Market range internationally sold .

No , but you would slide it into someth like something on the back would hold

I honestly can't draw for toffee . .

we're sounds like we're all a bit gadget heads

and you'd come and sit down and , the telephone's the television switched on .

it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it .

Do you want to use the wipe the m the wiper and wipe it off ?

but then you'll have to describe in writing how the rest of it looks .

And they can feel when a human's got problems so

Video and ts hi-fi and .

