perhaps for because people lose the remote ,
but people want to use a remote with their fingers

Colours th the elderly people

Changing just the shape of the remote control ?

I suggest , because just the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours and also in a lot of possible colours , so it's possible to make very fancy remote controls
f fancy coloured remote control .

and after that we will take a decision on the remote control concepts .
and what materials should we use to to make one of those r remote controls .
first of all I've d subtracted some of the components that is that are used are w from what the remote control's formed .
first of all , the case , the surrounding of the remote control .
because when you use a remote control a lot of people will drop their remote control
Will recognise that's as a remote control .
I also s can't help but notice that you used an you had a remote control
because it is the unique idea of our remote , , the speech control .

And for the elderly people just plain old .
and the old people like plain wood .

And we determined that will not be no buttons , but only an L_C_D_ screen ,
the buttons won't get that small when the L_C_D_ screen is
because you have how much ? Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen .
But when you got a L_C_D_ screen , with no with not the buttons are not always on the same place ,
Because we're projecting the buttons on the L_C_D_ screen .

You could you could change the colours , that was also the idea .
I changing colours will be easier than changing
it's easier to do in colour than in shape .
and colour way easier than the shapes .

And you could put in a an a really s little scrolling device on the side of your remote ,
the , like you said , like scroll next to the remote isn't that handy .

between the young people ? Fresh , exciting .
like I said , young people like more soft materials and spongy ones
Japanese people got rather small hands
it meets more the young people than the older people .
the young people do like scroll

it's poss it's also possible to create fancy colours with rubber .
rubber l makes it easy to to it lets itself colour .

Bright colour . Fancy colour . Forward .
but I don't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour .
So maybe we could give it like wooden loo look in that colour .
Dark grey , something like this colour .
Just a regular remote colour .

The most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look fancy .
The second important thing that w should be if inv in innov innovative ,
because it should be in a in an important position where people can see it ,
so as its really an important function of the remote .

they can yell remote where are you and calls .
I how large the actual remote should be
but But if it's usually plus or min above each other or next to each other on a normal remote .
so it makes it possible to just put it arou underneath it or on the bottom of the remote .

about the L_C_D_ touch screen ,
One of the great advantages of the L_C_D_ screen you just use some or another cleaning cl some cleaning .
I tried to the L_C_D_ screen I tried to to draw .
like the L_C_D_ screen that's quite innovative
Then you can fit the L_C_D_ screen in it ,
and the L_C_D_ screen was rather small . .
but if yo if you make the L_C_D_ screen as large as the remote control itself , you'll you'll always get some
but the p print plate of L_ L_C_D_ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate ,
, it's quite a simple L_C_D_ screen .
You can put it on your table with the L_C_D_ screen ,

And it's also think we discussed earlier that older people don't really want to use these extra settings .
And older people a also don't really want to use this th this option menus .
So for the older people , a more traditional form .
like the older o older colours maybe

It's options is the settings of the remote and of the T_V_ and that thing .
and then if you press the op options button , now we have an example of and then you should get the other options with what you could do
if you enlarge a button , or if you got several options appearing on your screen , the co-ordinations aren't always the same .
the scroll's easier if you have a lot of options ,

will be chargeable with an option for a mount station
so you can put the the remote control in a mount station

Now you can put your hand there and then you won't touch the screen .
And a touch screen makes it possible to to get the co-ordination of your finger on the screen .

I'm going to tell you something about a trend watching . The trends from the past years , what the people like , what the youngsters like , what the elderly people liked about shapes , colours , material and .
Like I told I watched the trends from the past years about colours , shapes , material they wanted from elderly and young people .

I h I had an idea single covered curved , , single curved .
And I personally liked the single curved remote control ,
and how about my idea of making it with one single curve ?
got a single curved rubber

rubber the total piece of rubber that's sor that's used to make the case is the same colour ,
s as I said before rubber is is impossible to damage severely
In material rubber , rubber is ,
real hard rubber , or soft rubber . between that .

The personal preferences for the young people , they liked fruity colours like banana yellow , strawberry red and .
This is a bit like the young peoples like the fruity colours , innovative , all the colours you see , the blue , the red , the white , the yellow , that .

rubber is , , the best suitable material to use for our
I already s explained some properties of that material
The round shapes , and soft material m materials like the rubber .

But if you use silver , rubber s silver rubber isn't fancy .
When you use titanium , silver is fancy ,
but when you use silver rubber , it isn't fancy .

the and the mute button also recognisable as an icon .
And the button for teletext apar apart
You can make it larger to with accompanying greater fields to push the button .
chip on print , what they mean with the regular rubber buttons that you got , it's always clear for the remote control when you press a certain button .
When you got a regular button , th the button of stand-by is always on the same place
and which button you are pressing in at the right moment .
Isn't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal ?
Would you like the buttons horizontal or v vertical ?

So we can keep that in mind for designing f the device itself .
Because we decided to have two remotes , two designs ,
This concept is in the actual design ,

Elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like woods dark brown , red , deep reds and .
Look something like that . Autumn colours like red , brown .
Green , wood , brown .
I would think about colours like red , yellow , green , blue ,
The fruity colours and the autumn colours , like red and brown , dark red and brown .

but it the remote control has to know whether you're in a settings menu or just you just want to turn up the volume .
if you want to choose audio settings you press audio settings and it goes to that s sub-menu .
you get w when you use the settings menu to look up some some channels on your on your television , you should scroll down on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen .

If you make the screen vertical it doesn't matter .

They liked square shapes with round edges .
the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes ?

chip on print and case .
And the case , we already discussed the case ,

Because some fat people with d thick fingers will press three buttons at same time .
And maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all the fingers , .
it's easier to have it something like a button minus here , plus over here . A minus here , plus over here .
but when you are holding it , you could press the minus and the plus and with the other finger the minus and the plus .

I also overheard in the last meeting that there shou we should use our own business colours .
business colours it was the slogan and the corporate image ,

And will buy them faster when they look at the same old grey or black colours .
Black . , black is the standard .
the silver black are our main colours . .

And so that it you say good morning , coffee maker , and it says t says to you back good morning Joe or what's your name .
It bounces back from the floor where you throw it .
what we should also have on , remembered , a menu to go back through the first
if you touch options , you can't go back to this right away now .
If you want to go back you have to back button go back ,

but i if you drop it's not broken right away s instead of using plastic , hard plastic or titanium .
And hard materials like wood , titanium .

there was an option to use s a rather simple chip
but because of our highly requiring requirements , there should be an advanced chip in it
Chip on print with a simple a sim not a simple but a

we are here at the conceptual design meeting , which is hereby opened .

like my colleague , you said , is that's e better , or for the elderly people something like the iPod , with round squares .
round corners , but s but square , .
i if you do it square , with round corners but a little in the middle of it
And then the P_ in the mid in the middle

the graphical user interface and the buttons , we also thought about that already .
th the component that's makes or transmits the signal to the television .
And load it on the user the server .
any more questions about the design or the user interface or different components , everyone ?
and especially notice that the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer are going to work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board ,

but that can be with plain soft tissue .
normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop . .

with only one menu , four button , channel , volume , it should also be enough for easy to use .
Channel selection . Per hour one hundred and sixty eight .
Volume selection four times an hour

And just as the last time we have forty minutes to accomplish that .
And they should be long lasting , not not be empty in about two minutes or thirty minutes or forty minutes of use .
Lower than forty years ,
The next meeting is once again in thirty minutes .

and busy leading the meeting ,
which from the previous meeting placed inside our project folder ,
We already decided that on the previous meeting .

Maybe it's better to include rechargeable batteries
if the badg the batteries are dead
Simple rechargeable batteries .

are we going to do it with separate docking station
which you can recharge through the docking station .

It should be soft i it should feeling spongy or s Sponge Bob like things .
Are you going to invite Sponge Bob , maybe he can

but I've prepared a little presentation once again or at least an agenda
the biggest part of the presentation will be on your side .
Side view yes it's side view
team member with his presentation .
And then I th I personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like

And we won't include a pen , to point ,
maybe I should should show some points on which we should take a decision .
those points energy question mark .
Those are points my coach advised me to discuss here ,
and to all four of us specific instructions will be emailed by our personal coach .

you say record into the device into the speaker

with also the ability to facilitate speaker speech recognition
first there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition .
But and a microph microphone for the speech recognition if we want to implement that .

maybe at the bottom where you can hel hold it with you hand that there's also a microphone

it doesn't lay flat down on the table ,

So it has to have some a calculation unit or C_P_U_

I'm not technically good at th three D_ modelling ,
And a bit old school style renaissance , medieval things .
you got some some of those wireless mice ? Mouse . Computer mouse .

We could make a little R_ and R_ on the top of the machine .

Kinda like a beer glass . .
We'll leave that to the usability engineering then .

Everybody's searching in his data .

you can break it when you break it in s with a pair of scissors like that ,

