And th and the normal backlights also not the buttons , but behind the buttons .

i the speech functions buttons .
So here are multiple speech buttons ,
we don't have any , anything on how many buttons speech requires . So you can't redesign it .

And do you still can , do you still can choose what colour , colour you want ?
The speech function and the colour . Colour .
The b the button supplements , I didn't I d I was wondering if this special colour maybe was

We have decided in the channel buttons , there's a little colour around it .
Maybe one button to switch the colour of your LEDs ?
you can hold it , and then the colours switch or multiple buttons .
Just press it once , the colour should switch . Press again , the colour switch again maybe ?

So we h we have speech , the scroll wheel , and the slide . You must slide it .

We also how many buttons are required , or what buttons .
the main , the main zap buttons are most central .
you have that problem more often with rubber buttons .
And and you need n a button to call it , to let it beep .

on-off buttons , text buttons , mute buttons are together and at a place they easily are , easy to find .
the on-off button is a bit bigger , so it stands out .
There's one text button I prefer .

menu buttons with arrows .
, with in the middle a menu button .

Because if you use it a couple of years , some sometimes the numbers on the buttons are slide away ,
It's pretty . If you slide it open , it lights up .
and the slide . the slide is pretty new .
I already have a V_C_R_ and it's about from nineteen eighty eight . And they all have a slide in it .

And also in the num-pads , there's also colour light behind it .
And fancy's more like the f the flashing lights and the colours and that .

Mute function , on-off function , text functions .
, there is one function I use daily , and it's not on the basic functions .
Or you can i lay it beneath in the other functions .
, just put it on those extra f extra function as .
So so few information that you can easily decide what buttons w for what function .

Or are we making a slide open , like underneath ?
Slide open is quite usable for remote controls .
, s Like underneath you can slide it open and you other functions .
You have a lot of room if you can slide it open .

in thi the remote control in the
At least it's a lot better than current remote controls .
It's not as fast as a usual remote control .
And maybe we maybe learnable is in compare of old fashion remote controls .
I only saw it in a telephone , not in an remote control .
, different fronts for a remote control , that's new too .
For remote control , a favourite for your text .

And that's not normal at the normal remote controls .
But you might as do it in normal computer style .

Special colour , you can skip this one , because it's all quite normal .

Or are they there backlights on the slide panel too ?
And the scrollwheel , backlights , slide .

Not not yellow , but just a bit of light yellow .
That's about our flashing lights and the background lights from the buttons .
Just a green light or some blue light .

colour changeable , and also transparent .
And colour and transparent , or just transparent ,

, but then you can switch back to normal telete teletext . You just switch it off and then
, b but if you're in the second stage , the third stage is switch teletext off .
And and the switch channel is There is a back light too ?

, we just made a Word file with the basic elements .
And and what ki what basic colours were you thought of ?
The basic colours are black or green or yellow ?

the material should be hard plastic .
we'll use hard plastic . Since that allows us to use two D_ buttons , non-rubber buttons .
Just like your telephone , hard plastic .

Here are the basic functions in here , the selecting dev devices .

scroll in the , navigate the menu .
, maybe some some text next to the scroll wheel , that it is volume .
Because because the scroll wheel , it's very handy , but the first time you get this thing in your hands , it's not to use the scroll wheel .

And its scrollwheel is u easy to use as , if you have ever used a different device .

No , you have a different chip for speech recognition . So
But the second parts , like speech , etcetera , that will be harder to learn .

the third meeting that one was pretty hard .

if you have a iPod idea . It quite beautiful .
, the difference be between beautiful and fancy look-and-feel is the outside beautiful like the iPod .
Beautiful is really subjective , because it has to do lots with the colours .

You want to save that file as ? The drawing ?
But you still have to draw the resi the recharger .
, there are some that they didn't mention , because recharge is not on the list .
No use to draw on the board itself . It's just slows down .
, even harder to draw like this than black board style .
You cou You could draw on it , but not as main function .

That's the one that you use if you search for a page , like seven hundred , and it's counting from one hundred to two hundred , you will switch to your television and back to text .
If you if you turn teletext on , you set the seven hundred , and you turn it off , then the next time you turn it on , it still stays on seven hundred ?
the remote can send like the code for seven hundred , page seven hundred to the television . Th th if you switch it on .
most new T_V_s do collect all the pages .

Just red , yel red , green and
And then we choose green , blue and red or

Because we didn't have enough time to de design the inside as .
we haven't had time to design that , the slide pad .
One leader to check the time , etcetera .
Like marketing said things and then we had to i include them in the design .

Changeable fronts , so ev for everyone it's something beautiful .
different fronts , but standard front won't be , .

F You're going to show your pr prototype presentation after me .
And we can change the colours , so that's really fancy .
You get the fancy things for younger people . And you get the aesthetic things for older people .
We've got a one for fancy look-and-feel , and that's what attracts the young audience . So
, but still , you couldn't make a fancy a f you couldn't make a prototype out of this . Because we don't have any sizes and

Play Station or D_V_D_ player .
Right , the video channel , Play Station , etcetera . That's used pretty often .
If you have a Play Station , you use it every day .

But if you want to download it to your computer , it's doesn't work .
smart board would be very to work with , if it worked really .
To gather , or to work together , or new ideas for

So you can make it very easy to use . you can write a lot of comments besides it .
it's very easy to use , but the second layer is not easy to use .
And you on don't have to pay attention to that second layer .
just write a final report .

Yes , you need options to configure it , and after that you don't need 'em anymore .
scrollwheel is on the left side .
But it's not impossible to use it , if you're left handed . So y Because you can use your thumb then .
Just just draw a second level one and say all options that are still left .

Digital pen is horrible .
No , you gotta use the magic pen .
Pen , select pen .

we searched for a young group , audience , beneath f forty .
, but did we reach , with our style , the targeted audience ?

You operate that with your pointing finger .
So we are in the right direction , because it's twelve point three Euros .
Come on , it's perfect . twelve point three .
Is that included ? In the twelve Euro or
, because the prices could be twenty Euros now .
So we're bacal just lucky to get the price right .

Can you save it on the same , in the same map as the other ones ? In the project map ?

Just old fashioned kinda blackboard style .
. , there are a lot of mistakes , because the walls are thick like this .
That's a kinda big mistake .

Warning . Finish meeting now .
Warning , finish meeting now .

, I made some criteria , so we can ev evaluate our model .
So we can do the project evalu evaluation now for for everything together .

the form , the case as drawn there .
F the form , we've taken that from the iPod , other popular technical device .

New features . Techno technological innovative ?
But we didn't follow the latest trends .
Tha these are the only latest trends I get on my computer .
m If we got a high mark for innovativeness or innovativity

I looked in the reports from the marketing strategy ,

Advanced chip was for spee .
So this is a regular chip incl and a sample speaker .
But this is expensive , the sample speaker .
Damn , solar cells are expensive .

Simply a square with round corners .
That or all round shapes , not rounded corners .

beautiful's is also a matter of taste .

Stupid design . Stupid .
Stupid , the L_C_D_ screen .

We sh we can give it a number , and then we can give ourself an average for our

, grey . Just dark grey .

Paul , was there room for crea creativity ?

This is a power indicator . So you can see how far it's charged up .

If we knew that before , we could have had discussion really s really quicker .

And it would be great if you could edit it from , just with a mouse , from where you're sitting .

I'm breaking a world record here .

The research about the comp the users and that .

I didn't have a specification of that . But imagine that you have to input your voice .

