it's not very expensive for a remote control that has this functionality .

The remote control offers enough features .
If you ask yourself it offers enough features , I don't think it is it has all the features a normal remote has .
So th this this is a remote control with a very high level of features .
because those remote controls don't offer voice recognition

by not using the voice recognition feature ,
with the voice recognition feature

It becomes a very dull remote control , I know .
but there are two parts in this remote control .
The feel of the remote control is spongy .
there are remote controls out there which are a lot more spongy . They're out there .
An original remote control of any T_V_ kind , a Phillips remote control , y you pay

novice users u use this device as normal users use a c a remote control .

M m but maybe you do want a programme button to activate the voice recognition , or train the voice recognition .
And a button for disabling the voice recognition .

but you do have remote controls that are able to adapt another signal .
you place a regular remote control in front of the other one , hit the one or the two or the three , whatever , and it r records the the the signals .

And after a while they start to develop some skills in the voice recognition functions ,
the voice recognition is hard to learn , .
but the voice recognition could add a lot .
You can add very m much functionality by using the voice recognition mode .
v with a voice recognition you could add anything you want ,

ease of use does not only apply to the most basic functions .

and it's easy to use for both types of users .

because it's it's a four Euro addition to the price .

because if we use a double-curved case , we could not use solar .
Looking at the user needs , we only don't we don't have the double-curved case .

we do think it's what if with ease of use , w which prefers the which the customer of the user prefers .
When you have a more advanced , elaborate user , , such a user really would like to explore all these additional functions .
but I an advanced user will find the voice recognition function easy to use ,

maybe not all that fancy , but just way more easy basic
but I agree it's not a fancy high-tech device . Definitely not , no .

But w we weren't aware of the prices of the costs .

because there's very little added value in an enhanced case with these dull functions .

But whether or not our clients are willing to pay twenty five Euros for this device is doub is , is not .
because there are remote controls which control your stereo , television , D_V_D_ , C_D_ player , for under twenty five Euros .

That's the same as on the top of it with the round button .
al although by pressing the button for I n two , three seconds , you could also say it you'd disable it with a little beep and
Push-buttons are buttons are not the most expensive ,
And a plastic b just plastic buttons , a plas instead of rubber .
because a regular programmable remote control contains , , really a lot of buttons . At at least forty buttons .

But the more advanced functions are probably a bit harder .
A and the function of filling an an oval or an object .

But even now , if only our production costs w were exceeded the double ,
Think . Production cost was were t was twenty two ?

when this is our only option , we should even consider changing the casing ,
There are cases in which the outside casing is can be how d how do you prono is moldable .

Although we , but we could still make a remote control that ap applies more to young people
it is possible to make a device that attracts a little bit more to young people .

the basic layout doesn't offem offer much ,

I think it would have been more fancy if we used the titanium housing the casing .
it could have been more fancy by using the double-curved case . It would have been even more fancy ,

it's w way above above the twelve Euro fifty .
if you look at the w what we could do to make it more to make it just between the twelve Euro fifty ,
And costs were twelve fifty .

you could use two of them to programme the channels on the two channel button ,
you have to assign two channel new channels .
the most important function is easy to use . The the zapping , channel switching , volume .

That's the basic idea , . Of our prototype .
but that's the basic idea of the speaker

They n they need to understand what how to change channels and change the volume ,

we'll go further on with the rest of the evaluation . About the project itself , not about the product .

grey or black like that . Whatever cost the least .
but do add extra cost .
I kn I know from a few years ago , it costed hundred Gilders .

Type of m maybe another market segment .
Because we compare all these characteristics with market with the real market .
I've we've succe succeed in developing a product that's actually quite good , but not for this market , and not for this price .

th this is device which has a learning curve .
So you could enter any comment you like , as long it's able to as long as our device is able to reproduce the infrared signal .

So you're actually promoting Bluetooth . Or blue tongue .
. That is it's a new feature next to Bluetooth to disable all Bluetooth devices .

And what makes it very expensive is the solar cell .
Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells ,
It's a giraffe eating a eating leaves from a tree .

but you c you can just say find and he repeats find .

you thought of some evaluation crit criteria ?
because if we evaluate it , we can also determine if our objectives are good .
we are evaluating this design now . This prototype .

this is what I would call our luxury model .
th this design is not within our price model .

We we thought of possibilities who are not possible with the current offer of manufacturing components .

the price , the number of items and the sum .

So high quality , low acceptance .
The product is b high qua has a high quality and is advanced .

The drawing cap capabilities are very limited .
And and w you were when you're using Windows , you're used to a certain interface and certain buttons , which you can use for drawing .

I missed a feature to easily select a slide and distribute it to the laptops .

We do not have the time o now to redesign the product .
we should not stay too long on this subject because of the time ,

that would be very easy if you could say , I want to use this for my own work or my own presentation further on
if you save this image , you can open it in your shared work folder .

looking at room for creativity , there was w way too the choice of components was way too narrow .
So we could be we could've been creative . But it was tempered by the choice of components and the price .

but we can evaluate the process and the satisfaction on how things went .
What did you think about the process , the project process ?

Could could I see the scroll bar as as a shortcut ?
And the scroll wheel . The solar

Maybe you have to programme it once , so to that l respond to a certain word or a certain sentence , something like where are you , and then it will sing I'm here . So something like that .

A simple , dull , one-coloured box .

but if I would say a three , then it's six , and four is ten . Divided by four is two point five .
The p the pointing of the pen is not the place where it writes

the means , the SMARTboard , the digital pen . Did you like 'em ?
the drawing on the b on the board is r right from the pen .
I only think it's th the shape of the pen is too big .

I type faster than I write .
But it's a great solution for a known problem , writing down some notes , some inf information , and then forgetting your notebook somewhere and losing all that information .

I missed it to be able to contact you in between and say , hey Roo .
Private room , Roo .

depends on what you implement in the speech feat
Pop pop up the champagne .

Because we use spec specic special materials , the last item .
w what they want wanted was colours and soft materials .

It could have been a little bit more innovative u by using the kinetic energy source ,

It's not quite ergonomic . Eco ergonomic .

just walk through it step by step .

when taken in account the situation , we performed pretty .

It it was calibrated just before this meeting . the one before , the third meeting .

