the f the look and feel would be great on this remote control ,
The remote control is not ugly . How do you feel ?

Remote control has got innovative technology implanted .
. that's very innovative for a remote control .
how would you innovate a remote control more ?
must be innovative technology for remote controls , but more in how you control , not in how you find your

but what we can say of can almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without the docking station .
, but be serious , then the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control .

the remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only had
and a g remote control gives another signal after five seconds that is just one .
No , remote control doesn't give signal after five seconds .
What I said about the remote control sending another signal , that might not be true ,
, remote control sends one signal at one button press .

The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons .
Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons .

The logo is is pretty obvious to see on the remote control ,
Remote control is a stupid thing .
I do think that m T_V_s support mur multiple remote controls . M
because you always will pick up the remote control in the smallest area .
The remote control's that n makes zapping easy .
The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible .
The remote control has got a really trendy look .
Remote control is easy to use .
They can handle that remote control ,
, but what we have to think about now is that is it still a special remote control ?
because of the , it g it gives something dynamic to the remote control .
Becau be but a remote control gets
No , I don't move my my remote control very much , .
the case alone for remote control is at least one Euro .
Cheap remote control .

becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of seconds
When you push the button , the remote control gives a signal .
and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one .
I know for that some televisions that w th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons , it still works .
because I re but I really don't understand that , because imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it wouldn't be possible according to this sheet .

Because when we don't need a d a docking station , then probably we also have only we also need a simple chip .
for the for the docking station if you do if you choose the simple chip .

Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons .
Because the buttons will be d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings .
because i has rubber . And the buttons have to be rubber .

We can make a plain docking station for two Euros .
but we can make a docking station for two Euros if you don't put the recharge function in it .
We can make a docking station for two thirty .
Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station .

Remote control will be bought by
the target group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking .

But maybe we can make the docking station a bit standard for the other products we sell ,
because Real Reaction sells more products than only remote controls .
But we can sell the remote control and sell the docking station
No , then we have to sell it for thirty Euros .

I kinda miss the docking station .
So maybe we can use the docking station , , M_P_ three players or
It's leaning . It's leaning backwards , , in the docking station .
let's ha let's talk about the docking station later ,
, you didn't draw the docking station .
Yes . The docking station is a little bit innovative .
A docking station is innova
the docking station , it's gonna be a a problem .
But then still , when we there's no room for a docking station .
, but the problem now is that the There's no such thing as a docking station in this list ,
then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore ,
, but when we skip when we when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station , then we still , we need something else maybe to make it special ,
Fo for a docking station .
Ca can't we make a docking station of that ?
my suggestion is to just forget about the whole docking station thing

because it i it first gives you the functionality of that separate button you also had to apply .
there's one function and that's n the one button when you want to find it .
, more through like function T_V_ functionalities and

I've seen one one remote control with only the pu , only with page up , page down and volume ,
Maybe you can say against the remote page f page up , page down .

The the email I got said simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever device , it will cost a bit more , like the advanced chip maybe .
And with the retriever , it would be an advanced chip .
, point out the advanced chip for now , I .
because we don't have special functions to use in advanced chip , .
, but for two Euros , then we have still maybe we have to use the advanced chip ,
That's the question . If we do i do we need an advanced chip , or is it f
I've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about advanced chips or

because maybe we have to consider the docking station anyway , because we have some cost issues still to come .
First of all , the all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list .

especially we looked at the form , material and the colour .
We'll give the buttons special colour .
A special colour , why a special colour ?
all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that's what we were planning to do ,
the special colour thing has to be marked .
Colour a the colours are special , the form is special .

it works if you haven't got a special button for it , if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a line , which is an empty space .
Yes , but some old televisions you have to click on a special button , then you go to a next level , you can push two buttons .
If you push a button , it sends it immediately to the television .

when you put a button on it with like one and then a dash , it's the same thing as when you just push the one ,
, but it's exact the same that w would appear when you put a separate button push a separate button .
When you don't have that separate button , and you push y one , it's exactly the same thing .
You you can wai when you push the one you can show on the telly a one and just a dash , and then two seconds

but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents .
if it's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents .
But for two Euros and thirty cents , we we don't get a docking station .
because then we'd thirty cents left .

Just a basic idea of the most most y most common and simple operations on the remote .
we should know how many simple chips , regular chips
we have to find out with the simple chip .
the normal simple chip will be .

Is it cents , the fifty cents a button ?
Fifty cents for one single stupid button .
I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per per button . Really .
Twelve Euros and fifty cents .

I in th in the first place it gives a signal which it would also send when you put a separate button on it .
That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one in on your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can still put another number on it .
When you press one button , you give one signal .

, we should mark the special form thing ,
because it this will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons , I .
It still is a special remote control cons , wi its form is special and material .
No no there's still someth concept and something special left .

When you have the same amount of button , you have to put in wi in your carton . Board .
Wi wi without recharge
wi with a button to retrieve it , so it will beep .

Kinetics aren't nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking .
Because it when there w was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic power source , then it would be this one .
maybe it with the kinetic thing , we could do do a compromise with the kim kinetic thing .
I also feel this concept of making it kinetic ,
Maybe we can do it both in the in the remote . Battery and kinetic .
, a watch is kinetic because you walk all the time .

And then we had just two buttons , we place them in the middle , the menu , and for the teletext
no , the mute button misses now .
And the button for the SCART audio video external input .
The all the aspects of the interface buttons were
And plus these two , f plus the mute button , and it's will be eighteen .

But what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ?
We can use a simple , a regular , or advanced chip .
The display requires an advanced chip .
that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it me requires
it s only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip .

Alright , and you gotta point out which is the volume button and which is the programme button .
When when the recharger has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it .
Y I do I don't get the point , because it's would be s relatively so expensive , just these m small buttons .

because we're gonna use one colour for the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber ,
And we should use a darker colour for the plastic ,
The remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan .
made out of plastic and rubber . And with a special colour .
Otherwise , you get a standard plastic colour .

it is necessary when you want to build your company f to a level higher .
All n no , that's kinda dependent on the television .
Yes , but no remote control nowadays are they come with the television .
No no . So some television respond differently .
And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher .

Then your left thumb of your right thumb is near the programme button ,

d I call it teens and twenties .
I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons , but you still can , know , you can still select the twenty a number in the twenty or in the ten .
Four , five , seven , nine . Forget that . Fifteen , seventeen , twenty one , twenty four , twenty six .
You can sell for twenty seven and a half .
You you gotta throw throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really .

with the rubber parts and sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and
I something like that , where you have to move it around very frequently , is demotivating .

Fill in the number of components you plan to use in the and the total cost
if it would cost two Euros , that had a total thing , it would be too ,
but we we don't inc we haven't looked at the these costs of the speaker and other .

When you make the technology that it will give more signals , it could work , but
if it was r useless technology , they wouldn't put it as a possibility .
They're they're not putting technologies on this , but if it was impossible to make it happen .

We don't need kinetic , solar cells , hand dynamo .
or we can ki do the kinetic cells .

, welcome to the detailed design meeting .
No , not fronts . Different designs . Different colours maybe , .
Remote control's got a basic design intended for novice users .
Was it working design or components design ?
I don't see any possibility to do so , because it would wouldn't fit our defi design philosophy .
Because the d whole dynamic part , do , appeals to me qui thinking of our design philosophy , ,
it's gonna excel in on in the range in the field of design and looks and feel .

that's very difficult , because of different shapes of devices .
With a cable , with buttons on it , with retrieval device in it .
The power device is i is very cheap .
That's just a regular power cable and whatever .

Innovative in generally or just f original for
when we score higher on innovative technology , we would score two ,
we aren't gonna apply any innovated innovative te technology anyway , .

Right , we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points .
we gotta give points to to all of these to evaluate that design ,

, then we d , y we don't have to do it , but what that would just have a lack of key features , .
, and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as , to give it some just to give it some extra special feature ,

so if maybe a lot of people find it really ugly , , o other people find it really .
It will be bought by people under the age of forty .
and comparing with people of th of the age above ?
, that is not the question . It's just w it will be bought by people under forty .
the rechargeable thing was something to know , so y so people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore .

and in the middle there is a hard material , a bit hard plastic with a light behind it .
added lights are gonna be a problem too .
Yes , we can make also n neon lights on it , or the buttons that can make light on it .
Yes , maybe we can use on the lights on the side we can use multiple lights ,

when the when o the lowest part of it , when it's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same
Yes , little holer littler , little products go deeper in it .
Then you make as much profit as you would with twelve and a half production costs .

Bec No , the they didn't know about a retriever or a speaker in it .

The sample sensor sample speaker .
and what is this ? Sample sensor sample speaker .
And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ?

the volume at the side , and the other side is the programmes .
Yes , on the side there will be a strip of rubber ,
And they're be a they'll be in the same colour as the rubber on the side .
the fronts will give it a more less uglier side , because you can make it in your own

solar cells are useless .
Yes , solar cells are also stated .
, m but a w n a calculator also works on r on solar cells .

I found twelve questions so much , but it still is ten .
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen .

Because I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has
I like the hand dynamo part .

the positive things has to be on the left , so I said not ugly instead of ugly .
Nah , there is some money left to be spent .

, let's leave it open for for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway .
I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together ,

our interface elements , there are shown in the drawing .
and forget the drawing skills of these guys .
But let's st start with beginning .

we indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them .
The the yellow row is the amount of
It's eighty percent of the price of the amount of

We gotta do that on the right the most right-most screen ,
We gotta add up the scores now to see our total average .
, we gotta fill out another questionnaire .
we're not gonna add a trip to Hawaii to it .
we gotta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest .

it was your job in the first meet , f your first presentation to make this clear , but then you had some t time problems .
Warning , finish meeting now .

more to your own personality or house style .
A display is , , for showing letters . For showing text .

We'll discuss them in the usability lab .
At the end circuit there is an infrared LED .

