you can adjust which buttons you want on that s screen .
Because we can look at perhaps forty buttons at a screen ,

L_C_D_ screen is easy
So L_C_D_ screens should be easy ,
Colours the main colour of the remote control is the colour of the L_C_D_ screen .

Because L_C_D_ screens are very expensive .
you how much it costs , the L_C_D_ screen .
that they will send you some information about the cost of L_C_D_ screens .

because we have the L_C_D_ screen , we have the various options .
So we have to that keep that in mind that if you're going to implement L_C_D_ screen , you don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use .
L_C_D_ screen as in touch screen ?
but like I said , L_C_D_ screen is easily to use
With the L_C_D_ screen it's easier
it only says that this perce percentage like L_C_D_ screen .
perhaps we should focus on that L_C_D_ screen .
But if you would do an L_C_D_ screen do we have don't you have any buttons ?
an L_C_D_ screen's just like like a drawn here .
They think it's ugly . When it has an L_C_D_ screen .
but that's not a f question with the L_C_D_ screen .
If you have an L_C_D_ screen that's burns all the time .
an L_C_D_ screen should be suf sufficient .
it's better to have L_ L_C_D_ screen ,
we're going to use a docking station and probably L_C_D_
I if you use the L_C_D_ screen , you first have to search where is the on button ,

But isn't idea to use what you said , normal on and off button for the T_V_ ,
But a not as normal button , in the L_C_D_ ,
I whether it's handy to have a n a normal on button , a r just rubber for T_V_ ,
A normal button on the remote control ,
But if you have a normal on button on the remote , then you do the on ,

if you don't got a wide screen television you don't need the the screen settings

and knows what button you pressed , becau the volume up or volume down button .
so the numbers on the buttons are not possible to read anymore .
The volume button and the channel buttons are the two most important buttons on the remote control ,
And it should be easy to use . Especially the volume buttons , the channel buttes buttons and the number buttons to zap through the channels .
A button where you can change from one number to two numbers .
if you wanted the minimal use b buttons , such as channel and volume , you just h displays four buttons on the screen
you only have channel button or volume button .
but the re the remote control , if you press tap the screen , it always should jump to the screen which has the volume button , channel button , and of also the on and off button .

and eighty percent of the users would spend more money with a when a remote would look fancy .
it'll look fancy with L_C_D_ screen . .
It's looks fancy one , of L_C_D_ screen .
and maybe you can make something fancy out of an L_C_D_ remote ,
Would spend more money if it looks fancy .
it looks a lot more fancy if you use if you don't have any buttons on the s on remote control .

And then we have to take a decision on the remote control functions
that means that functions user n want to have on the remote control ,
according to our agenda it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions .
We could check the other remote controls with technical functions .

I've written down an on or off button , volume selection , channel selection , the digits from one to zero , . or from zero to nine . a digits button to switch between one and two digits , mute button , a separate menu for teletext , a battery indicator .
maybe there should be a separate button apart from the L_C_D_ ,

what I found was that th the actual use of the remote control is to send messages to television set ,
the remote control should only be used for the television ,
it should be a standard move to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television ,

but an L_C_D_ screen , the problem with the L_ sc L_C_D_ screen is that elderly people fr from forty five to for sixty five years don't use the L_C_D_ screen a lot .
younger people have now , sixteen till to twenty five age , are f eighty one percent interested in L_C_D_ screen .
if the young people are interested in L_C_D_ screens , we should make 'em .
and fifty five of those people want L_C_D_ screen

because you only have to wipe the screen to for fingerprint ,
Only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off once each time , to get all the fingerprints off it .
wide screen , high screen , different things you have ,

when you press a button , that's when you do pr when you want to turn up the volume , a little connection is made
the rubber button just presses on a
But all the television makes use of those button where you first press that button and then press two digits to to get
when you press the red button , you go to page one hundred two ,
If you press a button , it turns green .
Or like you have a menu button , you press

and you get the buttons for audio settings ,
And other less important things are screen settings , audio settings , and channel settings ,
we could also implement a audio settings , screen settings and channel settings , but as sub-menus .
it should be available , but then in separate screen settings .
so we should also implement se screen settings .
screen settings , audio settings , teletext settings you have .
then we have separate menus for teletext , screen settings , audio settings ,
we're having a general menu with the most used functions , teletext , screen settings , audio settings , channel settings ,
, you need a settings button , or a settings option for the remote control .

the sub-component , I suppose that you understand what a sub-component is , is f in this example it's the button .
so the buttons sh should be that small ,
Buttons . Like what all colleagues said , have to be minimalized .
because you have you can implement a lot of buttons in one remote with not that much buttons .
so make it possible to not display a button at ten points
that this should be standard . Large button large buttons .
And the possibility to enlarge buttons or to have large buttons
So actually we're going to create a button-less remote . No buttons .

I made a little animation of about how a tran our remote controller works .
it is very handy if the remote control is hand held ,
I did this by looking at examples of other remote controls , of how they they look , and information from the web that I found .
if you use it your C_D_ player the remote control will that one .
There are some examples of remote controls .
Because on most recog remote controls the print plate will be broken how much , two years .
just a the plain remotes , not specific L_C_D_ remotes .
Remembering we have got a big remote that you have to fill .
let's leave out all the remote controls
But they want to talk into the remo remote control , ,
Or it could be possible to have a standard version of the remote , an expanded version .
that's might be a unique selling point , for a remote .

and we could make an a separate menu on the L_C_D_ screen for teletext .
so not too much teletext support , but in a separate menu ,
we said teletext also a separate menu .

I wanted to explain the working design of the remote control .
the findings that I found searching up some detailed information about the remote controls , are that they are very easy to produce ,
we don't have to find out how remote controls have to work
And the older people spend more money , and easily on a remote control .

if you want to adjust , like , adjust the audio settings , you press audio on the touchscreen
And if you want to use teletext screen or audio , then you can press it .

Perhaps soft touch , touch screen buttons
and it's possible to p press them down , just like a touch screen .
otherwise is it jumps to stand-by mode automatically .
because when you touch the L_C_D_ screen when it is in standby mode , it should pop on .

because it is as eas it is as easy as printing a page ,
And it is possible for several designs and easy to use b , easy to use buttons .
which means that our corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design .
it's easy to implement a button with a s what which especially do that ,

With teletext if it wasn't ver very important ,

I personally pref prefer that it would be p come available in the various colours , and easy to use buttons .

Fifty percent of the users lose their remote often .
Seventy five percent of the users also find it ugly ,
Then you have the seventy five percent of users find it r ugly .

Important issues about the remote .
And a last point , but also very important , our corporate image should stay recognisable in our products ,
because that's ver extra , that you have t first you have to turn the remote on ,

the basics then by a volume , channel , one till two zero numbers on it ,
The most important things on a f on an remote control are channel selection , volume con selection ,
Because then in Chinese is different written , volume is different written than Swahili .
Mainly if you turn the remote control on , you have to u you have to see from one till zero , channel and volume .
I go to have volume , mute but I . Very slow .
but a T_V_ , th that's the that's a best thing is that to implement that one in the menu with the volume and channel .

So we have to keep in mind to focus not a lot not that much on the younger pep younger people ,
But he also said that we should not only focus on the younger people ,

Are the younger people going to buy the remote control or the elderly people ?
Younger people , from sixteen to thir forty five years are more interested in fj features like L_C_D_ screens , speech recognition e etcetera .
The elderly people , from forty five years to sixty five years are not that much interested in features ,
The last but not least , younger people are more critical about the features .
and are more technical than the ol older people .

And the other is more user friendly , little with big buttons .
I you could better y you should look at a user centred approach ,
And it should be a user friendly , clear buttons , and not too much .

But keep in mind the new functions of T_V_ what we discussed earlier ,
because some T_V_s , if you press the t one and then the two , it be between five secs it make twelve ,
Or because if it only directs at the T_V_ , then you only have I what you want to do with the L_C_D_ screen .
so it's better when th the T_V_ shuts down , the remote shuts down .
because when you're watching T_V_ , you're zapping and you have to put it in a recharger ,
because otherwise you have to walk a long way when you twoft want to turn on the T_V_ .
And for a T_V_ ? Can you zoom in a T_V_ ?

play video , teletext ,
because play is play and stop and that thing .
teletext does has become outdated since the popularity of the internet .
So that's the first thing we we should pay less attention to teletext .
But shouldn't you put a button of for teletext on the for the people who want to use it ?
If you want to use teletext , you can push the teletext button and then the options become available .

here we are already at our functional design meeting .
Ja precies , ja precies
and I looked at technical functions design of the remote .
The one has got all the functions that you could possibly need and an lot of buttons etcetera .
split screen and is that a function that you should have ?
We're going to j discuss the functional requirements of the remote ,
and there are some models that don't accommodate that function .
Functional designs for the elderly you could make it possible to enlarge the screen ,
Ja ja . Technical functions . .
postpone further discussion to our next meeting ,

then you have main menu search all the settings .

From twenty six to thirty five have sixty six percent ,
and thirty six to forty five , fifty five percent ,
forty six to forty five , thirty three percent ,
also ninety one percent sixteen to twenty five , twenty six to thirty five years , seventy six percent , and thirty six to forty five , thirty five percent .
because in the area of tw thirty six to forty five , we have about thirty percent of the market share in our hands ,

which is mounted beneath those that plastic of a rubber button .
because the rubber buttons are always they slightly they can be slightly damaged ,
if it costs gets too much , too expensive , then , we should be sticking to rubber buttons .

when it is pressed down , , the switch is ter is is switched on ,
You have to press h very hard to go to the next channel .

the Philip's television makes it possible in that to press one and then two to make the tj to reach channel twelve .

It has to be easy to use also , or things . market share , speaker re speech recognition .
would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control . It's the only thing it says .
Speech recognition scores even higher , ?
and thirty five want speech recognition .
and if there's enough money , speech recognition .

I wrote down some personal preferences about the remote control .
personal preferences is a simple remote , with the basic functions that you can need that you could use .
And on my personal preferences , I don't have any mo more time to come with that ,
And specific instructions will be sent to you again by your personal coach .

and fif seventy five of the users zap a lot ,
because s w seventy five percent of the users only zap one time an hour ,
And then you have the other thing , that seventy five percent zap a lot ,

Remote control has to have a low power usage ,
so the power usage is also one time an hour , or so ,
with a high power usage we would use a lot of but batteries .
and power s power usage .
power supply is one of the most important things .
High power user cell , i

You could use that n as an option , if you have money left , .
There are a lot of options depending on what television you got .

And we possess about two third of the market from in that range of age .
and we possess less than two third , that's two fifth , of the market share in that area .
which endangers the time to market ,
And if that is our d market share to and our goal to deliver those remote controls
spread it by a big market .

so with the wire is sent to the chip in co-operation with the battery ,
and use ac bat batteries to to be
because i when you get an L_C_D_ screen , you run it on batteries ,
the batteries will be empty very soon , very fast .
And maybe a low battery indicator ? On the screen .
but then we have to be that the batteries go hours , six hours , five , six hours , then .
But you also forget to buy batteries ,
the batteries should w should work a lot longer than a couple of days ,

we had twelve fifty , I , for production ?
and sixty fifty six to sixty five twelve percent .
twelve fifty , twelve fifty .
twelve Euro fifty .
I if that can be done with the cost of twelve fifty .
Fifty Euro cents .
Twelve Euro fifty .

and new product should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty ,
new product should reach a market with customers that are younger than forty ,
But our what's it , project requirements are the new products should be reached for new markets , to customers that are younger than forty .
but market share fro for forty years and younger is higher than that of sixty five and younger .
let's hope to reach those those sales .

The methods I prefer is we're going to look which section of the users we are going to focus a l on more .
And then tho that section we're going to focus
and adjust the remote more to that section than the whole user section .
Perhaps you can make adjustable fronts , like with the telephones .

our current customers are within the age group of forty plus ,
Our main targets' age are ? were ? Forty five plus , or ?
and now we have current customers of forty plus .
Because , and it says that younger age between sixteen and forty five highly interesting features more critical .
because our target is sixteen to forty five .

and we have some more time , forty minutes .
I will write minutes , if create them out of this .

The opening , which we are doing now , and the special note ,
So we don't have to make it very small , like like a mobile phone ,
but some somewhat bi bigger than small ,
But that that collides with our mission to make it very cheap .
and maybe there are options for the remote itself ? Like large icons or small icons
we don't need a special options menu for the remote itself .

It has also be have to find easily when the label is gone .
My colleague also announced it that labels should be scratched off
if that's k if that's the problem , you also have to find it easily

And this can be all sorts of medsa messages ,
and just put a microphone on top of the television to
because I already use on several voice operated systems ,
and if the television does not support such operations

it's also important to make it possible to how do you call it in English , , to not use batteries ,
Then it's y it's yours to do a French and Dutch and English

Then you have plenty of time to recharge it ,
Because you are obliged to put it in the charger and not to leave it in a couch between some cushions .
But then you also have to s have somewhere where you can put a remo recharger near your couch

And hoping that when we produce a lot it won't be too expensive .
just a cable , or a even a a charger where you can mount it on . Something like that ,
sea view , yes , Simpson's versions and

I'm project manager but on the meetings I'm also the secretary ,
And I also put these as fast as possible in the project folder ,
And we will also take a look at new project requirements , if you haven't heard about them yet .
did everyone receive an email with the new project requirements ?
if you you receive an email about that , can you post it in the
or shouldn't we post that in our projects mail folder .
And put them in the project documents folder .

the chip makes a Morse code like signal
which then is si signalled to several transistors
And that makes the infra-red lights signal
which has a sensor in it to sense the signal of the infra-red .
just fibreglass plate is b is covered with some coatings and and chips .
or how that how to make some chips that are possible to to transmit those signals .
after it's being composed by the chip the signal is transported to the infra-red bulb ,
and from there it signals a Morse code-like signal to the b to the bulb in in the television set .
signal for las final five minutes .

If you have one that does with the vi the video , it could also work with with the stereo ,
and then there will be half an hour for the next share of individual work .
And here are the individual actions for the other roles .

li a d ad electronic
Red , white , blue , black .

