our project aim is as you can see a new remote control .

And other functions for a remote control ?

After the functional design , then the conceptual design and the detailed design .
The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design , components design and a bit of the look and feel design .

And we've got our User Interface Designer .
the User Interface Designer is going to do the technical function design , user interface concept and user interface design .
I'll pass the pen to our User Interface Designer .

does everybody has experiences with remote controls , and not the ordinary mote controls , but also a little bit different ones ? Like you can use for other ?
And it's it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all .
my remote control tends to fall a lot .

we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself .

is there a project documents folder ?

I will put the minutes from this meeting in our project folder .
then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder ,

First is functional des design , individual work , meetings .

And Industrial Designer there's also user friendly and a bit original .

that we won't make remote controls with small televisions inside , and like that .
that if you can put different devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as .

But then first you have to select the pen function .

so we have to work together to reach our aims .

We are going to work with a lot of high-tech tools here ,

move along to the project finance .

as you can see , we for our remote control , a selling price is twenty five Euros . Our selling price .

so we got like a lot of remote controls , one for the T_V_ , one for the video recorder , one for the D_V_D_ player .

It has to be original , trendy , and user friendly .
We've got the Marketing Expert for the trendy and user friendly look .

I'm Bart the project manager
project method is there are three phases we are going through .

if you have any ideas or if you wanna draw anything on the white board , just ask

and it's easy to draw your findings and drawings on there .

I if you've noticed , but we're working for Real Reaction .

But I if that will exceed the production costs .
But they'll also really drag up the production costs ,

so we have to focus on different users , different cultures , and different trends as .

And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification , trend watching and project product ev evaluation .

Our production cost can be maximal twelve and a half Euros ,

because you can draw with it on this page in the think it is form of .

in the white board here there's a little tool bar on this side .

But on the corporate information side there's a th there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction .
Real Remote is not really the company we're we are ,
It's a real dead sheep ,

You can use this pen by holding it like a little child .
if you're going to draw like really fast then the pen won't hold up .

As you can see we've got the smart boards here and here in the white board .
everybody knows how to work with the white board now ?
haunted white board .

as you can see we g all going to draw a animal . Just to just to get a bit familiar with it .

our profit aim is fifty million Euros .

we have our opening acquaintance , tool training , project plan description closing .
as you can see it's the opening , aquaintance tool training .

so it's ab it's handy if we have a little bit of training first .

Maybe it's easier to draw the smaller line width , .

Here is a simple tool bar .

So that's pretty handy when you have a video recorder or D_V_D_ player downstairs and you've got a link to your T_V_ on the second floor . So that's a pretty handy

just try to remember these points . Selling price twenty five , profit aims fifty million , but more important is the int international market we're trying to focus on . And production cost maximal twelve and a half Euros .

so if you have a document you wanna show , just open it from the folder .

then I'll meet you in about a half an hour , .

now I'm gonna hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you .

it's pretty skinny cat .

You can also select the current colour and the line width .
the only thing we have to look after is that we use different colours , and different line width .

only undo , you can undo a little piece of drawing .
This is typically a undo action , .

Other ideas ? Quick ideas .

Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it .

so you have to got the little device inside your room ,

A blank new document for each person .

I'll start with the presentation kick off .
Any questions about this presentation ? Kick off presentation .

we choose form of current colour

and you'll have wires and microphones that will record your voice .
broad T_V_ at home , and a D_V_D_ player ,

We've got about five or ten minutes left for discussion .

They're brilliant animal animals .

just on a side note , why is it my laptop is only giving me a black screen ?

it's save , print , move back or forward one page .

Because if you hold it like this , the sensors will get blocked

And just sum up a few of its favourite characteristics .
It's my characteristic characteristic about the dolphin . It lives for the fun .

little blue dot they always get sprayed on their butts .

but just if you hear something you can write down , just write it down .
because if you wan ar are going to do it like this then it will be a stripe .

