We only need the the menu arrow button thing .
And the menu button does also does the function then .
With with one integrated button we can do the whole menu thing .
And then for the menu , you can have a button that activates menu .

And we wanted the buttons in a special colour .
The special colour of the buttons ?
drop the special colour , and do the special colour for the buttons .
Just put a special colour of the buttons , .
ma make it two special colours , but we only have one button .
So we still we still have the primary colours . But only on the outside , not on the button .
The the button has a special colour , the frame has a special colour .

You still have to have some button in the menu to go back .
if you lose the Back , the button v let's say we only have the four arrows , and the Menu button .
Then you only need one button to move back .

But but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons .
One integrated button is five times the cost of a normal button .
But the integrated button ? How many func functions can it have ?

That was exactly my point . Like let's drop all the buttons , and just make one
, and even if we drop three buttons from here , we still have to make some adjustments around here . So
we drop the price by one and a half .
Becau But the picture would be a lot different if we didn't have to drop those those things , I .
prototype presentation we dropped .
You can copy and paste the picture if you want .

Integrated scroll-wheel push-button , .
or the integrated scroll-wheel push-button .
You can do one integrated scroll-wheel push-button .
If we do two integrated scroll-wheel push-buttons , we can drop all the push-buttons .
Or d or do we just integrate an scroll-wheel with a push-button .
So that then you need five buttons , and one integrated scroll-wheel push-button .
can't we f fit all the buttons in an intreg integrated scroll push-button

still we dropped also on the double curve .

Could drop the speech recognition .
S s Drop speech recognition ?
but we dropped the speech recognition . But it has at least one innovation .

, we have extended menus , on the L_C_D_ screen . So
the possibilities are almost unlimited , to build in menus in the screen .
You have to search for them in the s in the screen , in the menu . So

That would skip nine buttons and four and a half Euros .
So we still have three and a half Euro to lose .
That would save zero point two Euros compared to
? that will save us one and a half Euro already .
you can choose this , drop these , then we have a half Euro left .
It s it saves us four Euros and it costs us two and a half .

be because we couldn't hardly draw on the b s on the lower half of the screen , we could not make it big enough to actually draw in the

And in that menu , scroll , click , one step back .
and three double click for the menu , .

Plastic with a special colour .
A woo wood wood colour .
, plastic with special colour .
Drop the special colour .
or spe special form ?
. Make it a special colour and then it look fancy .
Current colour red .
Maybe that's a special colour for it . So we can make it special ?
special colour . We do have special colour .
red is already a special colour , . So

it can be a power button as soon as it powered on .
Instead of an additional power button ?
The playfulness , we decided to use kinetic energy as a power sour

Because if you d lose the L_C_D_ screen , we need a lot of
So you can just make one big L_C_D_ screen .
B It's a normal T_V_ screen , thing .
But the screen is useful , in essence , but it doesn't work that .
. These these screens this size are useful to discuss things . So

You could also drop j three more of these , without losing much functionality .
, because it does not lose our identity of the product as we

another option I saw was to drop the buttons one through nine , so you can't directly access a channel , but instead use only the up and down arrows .
And then you can make an overview of channels in the screen , and select a channel , click
With the other , we can do the channel , the volume , et cetera .
if you have f four buttons , channel up and down , volume left right
Can you change channels directly with just one button ?
But but how do you change from volume to channel ?

I the screen was more popular than than the speech recognition .
There are more people who like speech recognition than an L_C_D_ screen .
the remote control makes use of technolog technological innovation like L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition .

Should we switch to a hand dynamo ?
So the only option is an hand dynamo .
So I rather have an hand dynamo than drop the colour .
, but a hand dynamo costs a lot of energy to keep the screen working . So I that isn't an option .

and then you can click it , adjust it , click again and then you're out of it .
Click on it again , selects features , scroll , adjust it .

and then you can scroll , choose an option , click on it , it goes into an feature .
you can choose flip channel , you can choose sound options , any options .

we come back to the drawing board then , ?

Or or under each option , you set a you set an a screen thing what says back , and you select that one , click again , and you go one step back .
audio settings and screen settings .

The only e the only thing easy about it is that you don't have to move your fingers . it has only one button .
And we move more to working together as team ,

At the moment we have fifteen buttons , one L_C_D_ screen , one advanced chip-on-print .
we need the chip for the L_C_ display .
Do we really need that advanced chip for an L_C_D_ display ?
We about the advanced chip we need for the display ?
No I don't think the current status of chips are pretty energy conserving , no .

And then if the moment you use the scroll-wheel , the menu gets activated ,
we should b build it so that if you don't push into the menu , if

So that means the operating behaviour was using quite a lot of functions .
It hides basic functions .
. , . So it's a very true point . it hides all those function .
It automatically has the programme and the volume function ,

It shows the relevant and most used functions .
it shows the relevant and most used functions .
It shows the most used functions and they are relevant , but
the remote control shows the relevant and most used functions .
. But it's useful to show something to an a small audience , and then to

the remote controls according criteria blah .
the remote control has Wha
The remote control has irrelevant or less used functions .
It's the weirdest remote control I've ever seen . So
the remote control displays the corporate logo .
The remote control is easy to use .
the remote control is durable .
The remote control's a good example for company's motto , we put the fashion in electronics .
It's called the Real Remote , right ?

the board and PowerPoint and Word and like that .
You can't draw easy in PowerPoint .
The drawing board has to be integrated into PowerPoint , so that you can just easily

Do we keep the shape doubly curved or g do we go for single curved ?
But we can keep it single curved with top view still curved , but from the side it's flat ,
Because it's an old one , with little curve on the side , and in a different colour .
It's plastic . And single curved .

like you if you are in the sound system there , and you wanna adjust the treble ,
But you want a sound preview of how it's gonna sound ,
So you wanna click on it , activate it , whe and when you move it , hear the difference of the treble coming out or going into the sound .

it's expensive , but we never considered the possibilities of speech recognition .
We we haven't really integrated this the speech into the system ,
To This together is more expensive than Oof , it's almost the same as t keeping this .

the first point is the remote control matches the operating behaviour of the young user .
Because the operating behaviour of the young user was also defined in colour and shape and the use of L_C_D_ ,
And then matches the opera of the user was also a good thing .

It's silly we should have had this meeting before we start drawing .
But th this one wasn't good , because if I was drawing here , I drew a line and then it came over here .
Also not only the drawing and the making of the thing itself , but also in explaining it to the other people , by means of

We made it hard for ourselves with the display , but it's a feature .

what is the sample sensor sample speaker ?
So the other option would be to go for the sample speaker , and Which can use a regular chip , wh which is six Euros in total .

it's mainly con mainly concentrating on a lot of functions , in this question .
but that's not this question . thi that's the other question .
It should have been two questions . I realise now , because sponge-like material is dropped .
So if I understood it right , we have to count these numbers .
I all made it possible for a positive questions , so we can count it .
if you have reversed question , you have to reverse the scale ,
I don't because some questions are related to positive issues and some to negative .
So if you give a true to a positive , it actually means that the low the lower the better .
So it were all positive questions , by by purpose . So

y you wanna see a bar on which you can adjust it from zero to ten .
But if you have to power the for ten minutes , then the
Or hold it ten seconds .
Line widths , now that's a ten .
, I have still ten minutes to finish the report .
After after that five minutes , you have ten minutes to finish it , or

We still have the fruit and vegetable print .
, it has a fancy look and feel by using fruit and vegetable prints , primary colours and sponge-like material .
the sponge-like and the three D_ shape , that would give it something young and fresh .
The the target group has a weak spot for fruit and vegetables , like primary colours , spongy shape .

check with the Excel sheet .
you could check with the Excel sheet .
And I try to get chip just before I receive the Excel sheet .
We have the original balance sheet , or

Because then also it's good in the market with the forty five plus people .
I hear you people are typing .

And it combines with product evaluation .
we evaluate the design with a seven point scale , as following .
in the new design I s would say it's three . But now , in original design I say two .
It's use especially useful , I , to evaluate designs and graph graphical .

and I if you have to present , because I didn't receive any information about that so far .
And as I said , I have no idea how PowerPoint works , so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal PowerPoint presentation .
the problem with PowerPoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as .

that's easy because plastic is free .
Definitely in casing , we have a hard plastic
because the batteries , those thingies last forever .
And the casing , hard plastic also lasts forever .

, I don't think s persuade the management to say , this is better for the market so you sell more than
So what we have left on the Because evaluation is based on the initial user requirements .
the criteria are based on the user requirements , the trends from the marketing research , and the marketing strategy of the company itself .
Technology innovation was good , because of a marketing requirement .

So and the about the board digital pen ?
the digital pen is better than the SMARTboard .
and just put the pen in into it , and then it came onto my screen and it looked perfectly .
The the pen is more intuitive , we're all used to writing with pen .

And even the shape we have now simulates an R_ and the reversed R_ ,

that's the still the same idea as the kinetic energy because you have to use it and do things .
because at first you make your individual contribution , and then come here , and you have no idea what the others have to make .
And then finally you have some idea , this is gonna w this is what we gonna make together and I will arrange this and you will arrange that ,
and you have a k a idea what you can expect on the next half hour when you have to work on your own . So
but If if you don't take that into account , there's plenty of room for creativ creativity .

I have to make a p an issue called finance .

What time do we have to deliver the report ? Four o'clock or
, five minutes to the end of the meeting .
you saw the largest difference from the first to the second meeting I .
Warning . Finish meeting now .

But are we gonna stick with the green or are we gonna do blue ?

But there's enough space for the corporate logo . , if there's only one thing .

But then as I knew the tempo that I had to be on , the second time I did a bit better .
you did become more assertive the second time round , so that

it's about the same . Eight one to ninety one percent , sixty six to seventy six .

I Are you we this number actually tells us somethings ?

But but ease of use was not very important , may I remind you .

So it's made bold . But it's nah , it's not very clear on the sc

and you might want to add a infrared LED .

And you can just relax and have cup of coffee or

