quickly uh I would have thought that only being used for a television the macro facility , interac interacting the T_V_ a bit more , um mentioning of bar-code , joystick for user manipulation , um and ergonomics of the remote control as well . Um due for uh time to market and possibly also cost issues .
asked some very specific questions , twenty five to thirty five , there 's only maybe ten people would be willing to pay extra for voice recognition software .
people will buy the remote control , because the voice recognition software exist already .
amount of sort of function device has , the remote control models just for an idea of basic display
energy source obviously connected to the chip , this is basically the inside going on of the the uh remote control is another thing , there 'd be more components to deal with that .
, it would be a small amount of information , volume control unit .
target audience , if we do end up trying to market this to television manufacturers then the um then the transmitter could actually be built into the television .
dis design constraint mistakes you trying to move the remote control button , small joystick , L_C_D_ .
Teletext has become outdated due to the populat popularity of the internet .
Remote control should only be used for the T_V_ . Um due for uh time to market and possibly also cost issues .
colour and slogan of course is down at the bottom there .
power button , small joystick , L_C_D_ ,
power button , small joystick , L_C_D_ ,
power button , small joystick , L_C_D_ ,
possibility of pushing down on the joystick to say okay ?
incorporate the idea of trying to f locate the remote control again via a beeping noise ?
voice recognition thing , it 's no need to spend money ,
control almost all of the functionality from the screen maybe slightly larger than um those on a a mobile phone ,
remote the um sort of default functions for the joystick on mo the joysticks on mobile phones is that a lot of the time th the device mistakes you trying to move it in one direction or the other for pushing down for okay .
ch with things like tuning and channels um you know adjusting brightn uh brightness and fiddly things that no one really bothers with , what , another button that would say that it 's now being used to manoeuvre round the L_C_D_ and maybe to a certain extent the joystick as well would be for the additional functionality .
replacement remote market is sort of remote control rationalisation .
's a button that you attach to the T_V_ , it would be a small transmitter , one unit .