produce the remote in a variety of energy buttons , our manufacturer .
's going on in other design options or wood option ,
idea of of rubber that we can use we can use a rubber as part of the casing , but like a holder almost if you could do like um , leather option is our best way to go for right now .
n't move away from the screen interface , research design team
chat about it . Um .
's just off the top of my point , the voice recognition .
n't really require that much light , the solar power be enough to fuel a voice recognition ?
channel button to scroll through the menu d if they want to record programmes of having a hand-held remote , kind of a sleek little uh neat thing that sits on your table or something .
feel the the tip on this pen it 's uh a a more advanced f form of plastic that has some kind of a tactile response to it .
case of thing , a b a b a a series of you know three or four buttons with a menu button ?
work together on making a prototype , um using um prototype building materials um .
Nathan , I 'd like you to work on just the basic look and feel ,
figure out how probably best to lay out this idea of this simple design with the voice recognition built in and also this kind of drop down or s on the side kind of menu options simple .
, and if you can check product evaluation with m some pilots and stuff .
omit the touch screen in favour of voice recognition .
's work on uh multiple case colours .
stick with the same kind of kinda yeah , the same basic non-remote kind of remote control to a great extent we could possibly get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control
material like the plastics and so forth , we were discussing that being uh using like a rubber kind of softer feel ,
install a small backup battery .
estimate is that in order to incorporate touch screen technology it 's just off the top of my head , if if we 're gon na have to upping the cost ?
lack of information on cost , this is just off the top of my head keep in mind ,