end of that we need to discuss what you 've come up with , it 's the meeting 's gon na follow more or less the same structure as last time , the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert has been watching .
device I a circuit circuit board , so uh I 'll use the whiteboard because we have so many different options
shape of the remote control , because it relates to the overall image of the company .
regular or advanced u why we might want to use advanced is that L_C_D_s can only come with the advanced chip basically includes the infra infrared sender sender has to do something with voice recognition or not , as soon as you press a button ,
include the definition of user interface , they 're just so full of buttons .
scroll button , they 're just so full of buttons .
voice recognition is is kind of important , you know , a screen on the remote control .
important feature for clothes , I 'm taking this to mean , fruit and vegetables will be providing inspiration .
, I think so .
latex cases , my research did n't allow us to use solar cells ,
rubber , the buttons are in the wheel ,
meantime , the Industrial Designer over here is gon na work on the look and feel design ,
User Interface Designer will work on the user interface design
Marketing Expert is going to work on product evaluation .
, the two designers are going to work together on our prototype following those instructions that we 've just come up with using modelling clay
extra instructions from your personal coach .
case would be rubber and the the buttons ,
curved on one side and flat on the other side , but you folded in on itself , um made out of rubber
L_C_D_s seems to be uh a definite yes , we we want an L_C_D_ display with a spinning wheel .
colour of the main remote the colour like vegetable colours would be orange and green and some reds and um maybe purple
've basically worked out that we 're definitely going in for voice recognition as well as L_C_D_s , then I 'd put them in ,
back to the the graph at the beginning that I made , where , you know , the buttons that people use all the time , you want buttons for them and everything else menu-driven .