'll talk about the new project requirements I 've just received , what needs and desires are to be fulfilled , the functions design , what effects the apparatus should have , and the working design , how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function .
, people do not like that , eighty per cent of the buttons on the remote .
improve the design of the remote control is a design that 's simple , changing the product .
web uh to see if I could find a few examples uh probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum .
combination of electrical energy source , which converts the data is projected to the receiver .
target group that That 's it 's a good idea ,
meeting we 're gon na each complete a sks um a questionnaire and a summaries summary .
thirty minutes of individual work .
'll make sure to put up um the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides .
, that 'd be great .
I_ um I_D_ Industrial Design you 've your components concept ,
User Interface , the user interface concept ,
market trend wa watching .
're not gon na bring it up yet , or at all in the meetings so far ,
question earlier um whether this is going to be t for television , video , or etcetera . Just for television . That 's what we 're focused on .
're gon na make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design .
Si simplicity and fashion .
's going to appeal to people , maybe people who have problems with technology , you know , people who get scared by having lots of buttons ,
lost .
large buttons for the essential things .
possibility to um to get um a possibility to get the extra functions .
'Cause then 's like people who do n't wan na ever look at them , either this way or this way ,
's that 's a good idea , or like a little cradle for your iPod .
voice recognition , we 're saying , a sort of younger group that that 's hard to narrow it down to maybe um teenagers and families ?
voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises .
includes um an emphasis on making the infra-red more functional ,
investigate whether it needs a Battery ? Do we need a long-life battery ?