agenda today is we are gon na talk a little bit about the Project plan , including a tool training exercise .
creating a new remote control which we have three goals about , individual work and a meeting .
gon na do a little tool training , it 's supposed to be a seal . Um .
television it 's a we have a market range of Internet , we need to um be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million Euro um from our sales
generate a little bit of discussion about the project um , like you know if I 'm watching T_V_ I have have to have three separate remote controls of in front of me , you know , one for the T_V_ , one for the digital box , one for m the video recorder as well . Um .
designing a remote control for a television television related buttons that you need to program the video recorder
'll look into that .
industrial design , Alima will be doing um the working design .
User Interface Designer , that 's for . Technical functions , I guess like keeping in mind the buttons thing , the size of the buttons .
user requirements um , so you 'll be hearing about different trends , uh about different things that people need ,
'll just attach it to an email . Um just including all the things that we talked about . Um .
'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million Euro um from our sales
'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million Euro um from our sales
television it 's a we have a market range of Internet , like it 's an international market range ,
order to make a profit of this magnitude , we need to um be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro .
remote that has the main functions on , off , channel changing , volume , and another rote remote with all the special things .
'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you would n't need to use every day .
remote , off , but if it 's all just in its separate remotes that you would n't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder
stick to just stick to having television then that it 's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons , if we can help it .