decided that it was gon na group our audio-visual and other functions into into those categories , ignoring everything except the T_V_ , and trying to incorporate the the uh corporate colour and slogan .
'm most fond of in terms of show like a theme to it would be like um like lemon or something like that ,
're looking for um suggestions on size th um size of control are just basically big bricks with loads of buttons , the stand-by button is n't always red ,
volume button looks like it should be a down volume button as alternative , fashion into electronics .
's no restriction on the plastic , rubber .
sits in your hand , 'Cause that 's yellow type shape .
meeting 's gon na be in thirty minutes ,
fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape .
'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape .
talk-back .
flat and you just spun it ,
plastic I 've seen can get really textured , so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand .
Feel like fruit .
're gon na have like rubber buttons
energy what do you think that 's suggesting we 're gon na need to put in a really good battery so people do n't have to charge their r remote power every few days .
feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion , then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta background yellow ,
'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape .
talks to you , I mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says , what is it , putting fashion into electronics or something ,
work if we wanted to incorporate um an L_C_D_ display , 'cause we said we might have a jog dial , so as you scroll through your stations you can y it actually tells you what it is .
glowing a a glowing yellow type case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow , that would be good .
jog dial , like a nice just sort of round , because then you you do n't have to put the hand 's in a position to roll it ?