'll show them to you in a minutes for the previous minutes , um the four million sales target and new ideas of not too many buttons , bright colours and some of the influence of the Japanese .
early adopters , ninety one percent of them would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control .
'm making and I 'm making the the uh uh leap that people who are familiar younger people are l are more familiar with technology than than older people . Or comfortable ,
discuss the speech recognition , stop and pause and everything , little remote control
idea of speech recognition , that 's for sending a message to the receiver .
long-term use it 'll be so much more convenient and economic than fiddling around trying to replace chunky A_A_ batteries , like a rechargeable internal battery would probably I mean it might cost too much .
n't come to any sort of decision on the functions , power .
individual assignments are for um Kate to do the components ,
, Steph , to do the user interface
trend-watching .
teletext is outdated
remote control to only be for T_V_
incorporating the corporate image , colour and slogan .
'd be looking for the younger end .
functions , we 've so far decided , I think , that power , channel , volume make it attractive .
enter key and of course the number keys .
big user-friendly buttons
people out there , you know , personal coach is gon na say was , does the ninety one percent and the seventy six percent translate to ex in excess of the four million ?
ki some idea of how much it would cost to create a device that has these basic elements ?
solar may not be so good when you 're watching T_V_ in the night , that would be too heavy
long-term use it 'll be so much more convenient and economic than fiddling around trying to replace chunky A_A_ batteries and not having any in your kitchen drawer
Bu but what I was gon na say was , although they they may be buying um , you know , personal music devices and all that ,
avoid switching the thing off when you actually wan na press enter key in like a power key if power power was enter and pow that was my only just really in terms of streamlining .