, I 'll just review what we did in our last meeting .
've been looking at the components design parts include the buttons and the wheels , so if we definitely want plastic buttons , we should n't have a rubber case .
note that if we want an iPod-style wheel button , we can use rubber , plastic , wood or titanium .
findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion electronics , we need to go fruit and vegetables . Next comes technologic technology and the innovations to do with that .
spongy can be achieved but apparently that 's the way to go . I I have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing and I prefer fruits to vegetables , or should the actual remote look like a fruit ?
advanced chip , so people are going to be looking at this little screen idea ?
's also the concern about you know um how do you get to the menu if you wan na change the brightness of your television , are we still on the screen idea ?
screen you can actually write everything out , like , then you hit that and then you can it brings up like the menu on the T_V_ like what channel you 're on .
's also the concern about you know um how do you get to the menu show up on the T_V_ , not inside the remote .
imagine that this would be smaller than the remote control , um , you had like a b a cover and then your mobile f it 's like a mobile phone thing .
hard plastic thing you can change either the colour of that plastic face on the front , apple machine and they have like the blueberry , like all the colours are named after fruits .
cover for the squashy sort of like stress ball material kind of as what you 're actually holding in your hand , and then you could have like the banana squishy
throw it , and um a dynamo is , the other one was the other one was a kinetic thing where you 'd basically have to wind it yourself .
move on , you two are going to be playing with play-dough .
, and working on the look and feel of the design and user interface design .
're gon na be doing protu product evaluation .
spongy sort of like stress balley kinda
computers where they have like the grapefruit , apple machine and they have like the blueberry , like all the colours are named after fruits .
hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that 's on there .
's more of a hard plastic thing you can change either the material kind of as what you 're saying the squishy thing , and then you could have like the banana squishy
n't give me any actual cost on the on the web ?