'cause we have to check that it 's within the finance criteria from Cat 's going to present the evaluation of the whole process of product and design that we 've been working on so diligently .
explain the the user interface th uh things , but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing , that one side was supposed to be rounder , as it is on the website .
L_C_D_ and and the scroll and click so you hold it in , the scrolling here .
left-handed people , B_ , C_ , it 's the locator point .
L_C_D_ and everything , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding
Scroll wheel with pushbutton though , does n't think that makes sense .
referring to this as a scroll wheel is on the surface rubber .
process of um going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting , that that worked in terms of .
main difficulty was the the time limits but actually preparing the slides before before the meeting , yeah . I guess it was a fairly small group ,
back into the other room or can we stay here , so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it .
, so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it .
. So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana .
L_C_D_ and and the scroll are inside .
, well this is on off button .
, I think um we could do l the logo in grey , as it is on the website .
chip , we 're going for an advanced chip on print .
single-curved surface , so that we can fold it .
's the whole thing 's made of rubber ,
're gon na have a beep .
right-handed people than for left-handed people , which is like exactly the mirror image of this one .
'cause the I mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding
's not the immediate thing that you 're used to .
problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had .
'd had that sheet at the beginning should 've been like , okay , so we can have that lot , let 's just throw it together and do what we can .