rubber buttons with a combination of L_C_D_ and rubber according to the design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that .
black and white touch screen , it would be facing the T_V_ .
rating criteria , it should be easy to locate
doubt if on the basis of tha of these evaluation that it 's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead and now leave this as a prototype and market it , we could actually do much more to minimise that .
rubber casing colour , customers never said anything about the battery .
n't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now , we can put in our recommendations for what we 've we 've found and what we the consensus that we 've come to as a result of the meetings . twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty ?
adjust the Product if it was actually if if if we 'd be suggested that that was n't the best idea , but no one felt like shot down ,
relevant areas we 've been able to , but no one felt like shot down ,
back to mobile phones a lot , I mean this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really , you know , say is is obvious and visible .
's takes into account um overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing ? And the heating for the building , do you think our budget includes everything , all the costs that are going out ?
've got about fifty minutes to catch up with everything that I fell behind with ,
're working to head office specifications as this is what this project team 's working for , we can put in our recommendations for what we 've we 've found and what we the consensus that we 've come to as a result of the meetings .
've got about fifty minutes to catch up with everything that I fell behind with ,
happy with the costs on that ? That is going to be feasible , it was it was uh a voice voice recognition , that yeah , or something .
n't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now , we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class or something , you know , like an upgraded version . Twelve point three five .
'd be sort of a wide choice of colours and sort of patterns , either we 're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something .
top screen , as we said , is would be an inset um black and white L_C_D_ s touch screen
've we also decided on the inside , we could possibly either have um some some kind of sort of bezzled uh logo on it , or something inset , or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top .
ratings that it 's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that , we could actually do much more to minimise that .
recommendations that they the budget be increased , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning .
recommendations that they the budget be increased , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning .