meeting , basically , something like that . It 's uh probably down to about thirty five minutes now .
batteries once every six months is not really a pain , we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it .
judging from what what we all talked about during our last meeting I kind of gathered that that 's basically two types of remotes , that has their favourite functionalities um and and does the basics , the engineering centred ones just focus on ease of use .
've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred well , something we should take into account is um we 've got ta d look like it 's in the R_ and R_ .
eighty f eighty per cent of them would spend more money are people , especially for older people .
colour , so you can have a look at our our other products
'll see if I can get see if I can get hold of them for the next meeting .
energy source , that would be batteries .
've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred well , something we should take into account is um we 've got ta d look like it 's in the R_ and R_ .
Voice activation might not be the best .
niches p sort of uh uh in the market , the the ergonomic department , we can make some some really good improvements .
's never gon na be more than it 's never gon na be , you kno unless you 've got a T_V_ the size of a football pitch , it 's not does n't have to go that far ,
's never gon na be more than it 's never gon na be , you know , how far away you can be from the receiving unit , the the T_V_ the size of a football pitch , we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it .
yea or nay on that a feeling as f as far as I know .
younger generation from the age of thirty five to fifty five , like who have most of the money nowadays , do want a voice activation might not be the best .
niches p sort of uh uh in the market , everything is going t ergonomic department , we can make some some really good improvements .
product and instantly know that it 's like white on i white and blue on a black background , so you can have a look at our our other products and see if they all follow a s similar vein , we are sort of beholden to them .