decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it , large buttons for the essential functions , a possibility for extra functions , like a sliding a sliding piece and a long-life battery or a charging station .
'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery , fashion and technological elements .
'm gon na describe the the concept of the user interface of this des device for the features .
point and disadvantages if you if you have an L_C_D_ display on your television that you control through your remote control .
shoes and furniture is fruits and vegetables and tha that there 's a preference .
shaped like different fruit . Like in terms of holding stuff inside , I dunno , the material ?
love the idea of latex , I think a scroll wheel .
work together on a prototype using modelling clay .
, look and feel design , user interface design , product evaluation ,
, look and feel design , user interface design , product evaluation ,
, look and feel design , user interface design , product evaluation ,
decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it ,
people think about this kinetic battery and the cool case
've seen , just not related to this , but of latex cases before , is that there 's uh like a hard plastic inside , and it 's just covered with the latex .
colours , maybe fruity , vegetable colours .
wan na keep our costs down , we should just go for pushbuttons ,
're gon na have like a menu button , favourite channels
's go with a simple chip ?
advantages and disadvantages if you if you have an L_C_D_ display on your television that you control through your remote control .
'm kinda liking the idea of latex , just not related to this , but of latex case is that it 's uh like a hard plastic inside , and then something around it ?
'd be able to hold it ? In different fruit and vegetable colours , lemons or strawberries or something .
Al all circuit boards are pretty much the same , I think .
decided on like a simple , they require a simple chip ,
button for changing the volume , I think a scroll wheel .
curved case ,