the agenda for this meeting is we'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers .
And then we will evaluate it , given the criteria that that we gave it .
And talk about our finances , whether we were under or over our budget .
I have a a spreadsheet where we can calculate our prices for every aspect of what we've made , given our options .
And evaluate the product , as a group .
It's a pretty simple design .
and this'll be the power point , the on off button kind
buttons are accessible from your thumb .
Notice you have a number ten button .
And this is just if you've got like eleven or twelve or thirt the plus .
we just thought , we have all the numbers here , so we wanted something representative of numbers larger than ten and
on your average remote , if you press one twice you just go to or say you wanted channel twelve , you press one , and then you go to channel one , and then two then you'd just go to channel two , instead of twelve .
So if you did like one plus two you could go to channel twelve , or two plus two is channel twenty two .
these numbers all work independently up to nine .
but if I wanna go to say number like sixty five , channel sixty five , if I press the six it'll go to channel six , and then I'll press the plus , and then it'll go to six and then put the five and it'll go to sixty five ?
I wouldn't have thought it'd be a problem that it went to channel six first , in like on the way to channel sixty five .
As long as there's not a big pause between the t hitting the two buttons .
so it's all accessible . Without m taking your hand off the remote .
we went for like a circular design for the numbers
because we thought that's a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb .
And it might actually help with the repetitive stress injury as .
It could another type of repetitive stress injury though .
and the feel of it , , we've made this out of Play Doh , which is representing the , , the rubber , and the spongy rubberness .
it was said before in the material specification that this the this anti-R_S_I_ material is often used in stress balls
Bit of a stress ball feel .
How it fits in the palm of your hand ?
, as for the colours , we were presented with a limited range of colours for this prototype .
that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use .
and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour combination just could just be named after different fruit ,
like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green ,
or vanilla might be the most popular if it just blends in
more settled cream instead of the others are all a bit garish .
Banana's more representative of our colour scheme , like the company the yellow and black .
So that for corporate identity that would probably be the most strength .
Apple green , brown , more kinda trendy , , khaki
The pomegranate's kinda girly and funky ,
and then the vanilla's more for the more sophisticated customer who just wants something that fits in with all decor .
we thought of the components it was definitely a focus of ergonomics and just a single ha handheld device ,
you don't need to use both hands , one hand to hold this and type in with the other , you can just use your thumb .
, as we said the rubber's probably used for comfort and anti-R_S_I_
and seeing if this prototype matches what our budget can handle .
Evaluation criteria is next in line .
my computer's giving me technical difficulties .
, we're gonna be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we've just seen .
and looking back at my notes from our both our conceptual and our functional meetings , I made a list of what our original requirements and goals were ,
, back to our kick-off meeting this morning .
So the lower p the lower the points the better .
We've been quite successful with the rubber coating
th the colours we were given for making the prototype aren't the colours that we would've necessarily chosen .
red , black and yellow , and orange .
and we don't wanna go for black because most remote controls are black or grey .
But if you can imagine that in like a s just a maybe a pale metallic-y finish
diff if you can visualise this in colours it would look quite fancy .
, potato , mango , fruit and veg .
it is , fruit or vegetable depends on your mood .
actu that's pro that's gonna get confusing , like that .
so question number two was is it techn technologically innovative ?
So I know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative .
and we don't have any scroll buttons , it's all pushbuttons ,
so if we're thinking about the rest of the market , it's probably halfway .
we didn't want it to be any more innovative than this , because then that would've defeated the purpose .
, there'll be s we have to work out the number the plus system .
Remember that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly .
Remember the management said that it had to be prominent .
I like the appeal of it being like a big glob in your hand .
where's it gonna sit in your living room ?
Is it not gonna fall off the arm of the sofa ?
the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit .
But then it wouldn't sit as comfortably in your hand .
H it's got higher centre of gravity like that .
I would definitely go for that rather than like your average plain old remote like that ,
I gue , it's personal taste ,
will people be willing to spend twenty five Euros on this product ?
Remember that eighty percent of users were willing to spend more money when a remote control looked fancy .
So people don't just see it and think , , this is so simplistic , I don't want to spend twenty five Euros .
And the kinetic energy , shaker-style-y , whoo ,
And the kinetic energy part .
Shake it and the buttons fall off .
No , I , I much about the remote control industry , how much your average sells for ,
they're about ten po ten pound ,
So in the long term this can actually save you money .
So with a good marketing scheme and the personalisation options , it'll
Does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user .
because the most accessible buttons are the volume and the channel-changing .
I the the key word there is average ,
there were some people that used the video input and sound and .
Will this remote control be easy to find when lost ?
Remember that fifty percent of users lose their remote regularly .
is the alarm system still was it implemented ?
when you press the alarm system , the lights behind the and it'll vibra
the light from the inside was gonna light up .
You press the button it makes a noise
It turns into a duck and starts quacking .
, when it lights up as we it could light up when the alarm went .
But if it was hidden underneath the cushion , there wouldn't be any point .
but you can't see an alarm inside the alarm system itself .
because compared to every other remote ever m ever made , this one will be easier to find .
Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new ?
Remember that thirty four percent of users usually found it difficult .
w once that's written down on the page that'll be really simple ,
just because it's we've decided to reduce it down to the basic buttons , that in itself makes it so much easier to use .
Does it make more sense for the middle one to be an just an enter button ?
So then you would have to push two buttons every time at least .
, will it minimise the effects of R_S_I_ ,
which was repeated strain injury ?
, which affected over a quarter of users .
We may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we about .
the PowerPoint slide thing said would be good for R_S_I_ ,
, you could hold it in your left hand and d use your index finger .
Did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo ?
because on the banana theme we can't have it as being yellow .
, the colours are yellow and grey .
But the yell d yellow's ugly though ,
So we'll have to talk to our executive managers , and see if we can get away with just the R_R_ .
the factor that we've been least successful in confronting .
like that's grey , and it wouldn't be that expensive to have a little bit of metal .
, did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics ?
Current trends of fruits and veggies , desire for sponginess .
there's no like pictures of fruit , it's just naming it by a fruit .
Like the colour scheme names and .
That's fashionable in itself to have interchangeable plates .
, if somebody saw that and you said what was that inspired from , I if you'd instantly say mango .
Alright so based on this evaluation , do we average them out sorta thing ?
, so our average there , five , six , eight , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fifteen , nineteen , twenty one , divided by eleven
I'm gonna open up a second one then it's locked for editing .
I have the original in my my email account .
So we need to tally up how much our w our product will be costing .
we're using kinetic which is quite a large expense at three Euros .
, it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around .
So it's like special colour we'll have two colours
one colour for the case , one colour for the buttons .
, we have push button interface , so that's inexpensive .
And we have a special colour for the button , and we also have a special form .
Which puts us just barely under budget .
So our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros .
Of the actual project rather than the product ?
Do you guys feel like there was room for creativity ?
we weren't really given a lot of time , or materials , , to go about our design task .
and like if we had decided to use the L_C_D_ screen , and like solar power backup and everything , then we wouldn't have been able to afford that .
The fruit and veg idea .
Good leadership , we stayed on task .
A pro a product within the budget .
and also our personal coach helped us along the way ,
We never were pushed for time , or sat around doing nothing , so
We needed more Play Doh colours .
the only thing was having to remember to to tick the okays
And we were a able to modify each other's ideas
to fit in with our areas of expertise .
with that achieved , our last slide is our closing slide .
It's evaluated generally positively .
And don't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary .