notes that if we do that , we have to have a push button can incorporate a push buttons with a logo on it .
pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll like a computer mouse scroll buttons ,
reminiscent of the child's remote is a remote control and other things that use a similar thing , including M_P_ three players , like , hi-fi remotes in a series of fruit themed sleeves .
feelings of the group to actually design as a separate product .
nearest we've got to st to spongy there I is rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather if you feel if you like the spongy , s thick spongy cover ,
buttons arranged in a circle . Up , down , left and right with enter in the middle , that will correspond to a menu on the screen .
support the use of plastic , titanium or rubber that we're talking about is the same as you have in those little stress balls ,
buttons , but that would correspond to a screen sitting there in front of you , you might as have it appearing on the screen in front of you ,
mentioned that there would be a cost saver down the road , in terms of battery , .
ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple mass-produced device , because of the twelve and a half Pence cost .
feature of this It's not quite a scroll wheel , then it's gonna double up as all the other up and down functions .
minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared f drive at this point .
beginning of the third meeting we were talking about technology as being so important ,
wan I wanna go through not just address is one of the point that you made , Sarah would look at the current cost of competition , what do the current ones sell for .
Spongy is gonna be difficult , I'm afraid this is the options we've got on the case .
flat surface , a curved surface or a double curved surface ,
basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate ,
theme of what I was to work on was trend watch this , you can bring out your own remote and be like zap , no we're gonna watch this .
include the l so slogan and colour of the corporate design itself or the c or a cover for the device that would be an interchangeable component , we're gonna have difficulty with it if it's a dark day , that it'll die on you , and some of the exciting new things they've got ,
change from past year olds it has to be hand-held , power , channel , volume up and down , next appearing programmes up and down , and then also when you get into the different menus on the screen , it's got your things like settings or the , your information about programme that's on at the moment ,
Steph was gonna look at ec ergonomics .
current price that we're searching for , we're within , even on the lower end , of the of the market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense , that were decision makers .
add in the fact that they could each have their own individual fruit and veg . Spongy .
talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy and the case and the interface type things .
chip on print is just a manufacturing technique
opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or keep replacing the batteries in a replaceable little compartment .
difficult to make fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty ?
reminder for five minutes to finish , .
picture of the iPod w only linked to a web browser ,
Bear bear in mind it has to be the colours and styles of the company ,
desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to the advantages of titanium ,
show you what's on in the next half hour ,
discussions with the ma manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed sample sensor sample speaker devices .
huge amount of different information then what Kate was gonna look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed .
person who is really perhaps active in personalising , I'm thinking the teenager , the someone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers .