it had so many buttons on , and the shape was so symmetrical that I'd be pressing like a volume button instead of the on button .
with our research team have found some new multiple option scroll buttons .
But you can in like incorporate that with a scroll button as . .
Linked in the different depends on what type of buttons we have and the inputs .
, regular you could link with the scroll button .
So there would have to , have to be some parts maybe transparent around the buttons , .
and you just have to press down on these tiny little buttons , but
So it depends on whether we wanted the scroll buttons or just the push buttons .
and can be confusing because of their difference , and because of the different clusters of buttons that they have .
it would seem silly if we'd having anything else , just have an audio button though .

I've been doing some research into the different components that we could use , what's available to us f to actually make the remote control .
I know I've had a remote control before which you couldn't tell which was the front and the back ,
so there's there is a one battery , because most remotes use two batteries I believe .
I suppose it would be really annoying if you get to think , no , I forgot to charge my remote today .
No it's to do with the actual symbols that are on the , that's on the buttons of the remote control ,
, so we can live up to our , our purpose of having a very fashionable remote control .
The second most important aspect is that a remote sh that the remote control should be technologically innovative .
I'm it has its own buttons , so you don't necessarily need to have it on remote .
it , it is a good sales ploy to say , aren't you annoyed with remote controls that have all these buttons .
Something that your granny would want on her remote control .

, I'm just gonna go through the interface concept with yous now .
, first of all I'll explain what a user interface is .
, there are two types of user interfaces .
There's the graphical user interface , which emphasises the use of pictures for output
As it would be less complicated , and the controls would be more user-friendly .
We , we also have to keep in mind when we're designing our , , more user-friendly remote control , that a lot of interfaces consist of a clutter of buttons ,
And then , , tying in a trendy look with user-friendliness .
User interface concept .
and the user interface design , so this is where the trendy comes in .

And it's also the commands that the user uses to control its operation and to input data .
, because command interface requires you to type textual commands and input at a keyboard ,
we've decided that the command interface would be the most useful for a remote control .
Think it was called command interface .
The command line interface .

so we've got flex flexibility with colours and things , with that as .
that their functions , colours and forms aren't always helpful .
That's in like the buttons with all the different like colours for different choices and things .
Do you think that we should keep all the buttons to one same colour , just to keep it , give it a simplistic look .
Each face could have its own colour of buttons maybe ?
what we're gonna do about the cluster of button functions , colours and forms , in the in consistent use .
That's brightness , colour , tone , all that .

I don't see how a like a rubber plate going on top it would stay there .
Like if it was like a clip-on plastic plate .
Maybe if the , , if it was just a , more of a rubber coating which was on to a case .
Like plastic with rubber , on top
So the actual remote would be hard plastic and the casings rubber .
Again , we've already discussed that with rubber versus hard plastic buttons .
, I plastic and coated in rubber .
Plastic rubber coat .

, where you manually charge up the power .
you were saying about solar power ma maybe not working indoors ,
but a lot of calculators , , have solar power .
I s I suppose where on some buttons you would have like the power would be s some symbol .
You mean like we'll have the numbers of the channels , and we'll have the channel-changer , and volume , and power ?
So we're just going for power , channels , volume ,
This one has channel , volume and your channe and your power .

, there are lots of different possibilities for the energy source .
Kinetic energy is something that's been recently developed .
, the kinetic energy is transformed into power to make the circuit work .
we could go for the kinetic energy source .
And also energy saving you're producing the energy , you don't need an external battery supply or solar panels .
I like the kinetic energy source idea .
But that it's worth it , kinetety , kinetic
you can have the solar energy and then it can store that energy and use it .
Like if the kinetic thing , what's best about that is that it's instant energy .
I'm i like kinetic energy would probably dip into the budget .
Energy , we've decided on kinetic , right ?
fully kinetic energy .

, the remote control would be cheaper to design , so that we'd have more money in the budget to , , target the design area of the interface .
and we might , , depending on what comes out of the design , we might have to stick to just black buttons .
I have a shorter report for you today .
And I looked at the design reports from previous years , here at Real Remote .
, so I suppose that'll come out in our dev design development .

And the L_E_D_ , that's a light emitting diode .
, , , we had decided that we would if you touched one of the buttons they'd all light up .
I kinda pictured it as coming from the sides and lighting it up frontwards .
I'd assume , like , an internal light , that comes through .
just with lighting and the buttons and the face-plates .
Would we need a more advanced one for the lighting , the interior lighting system ?
Like I if we should go into like adjusting light levels , things like that ,

And then just really like strip it down to like really basic shapes .
we don't have to make something in the shape of a strawberry , but it could have the curves of a strawberry , .
just the basic button functions .
We can just go for , make it a selling point that it is just the basic .

Whereas kinetic energy is a new idea that's being used by some watches and other devices , where you just shake the device and it gives it power .
and a pointing device , a mouse for input control .
So when it says pointing device that doesn't include
, and it was considered a one point five relevance , on a scale of ten .

I don't think it would really be with cutting edge technology .
It's the aspects of a computer system which can be seen or otherwise perceived , , heard or felt maybe , or by the human user .
So you must , for the graphical user you must need some presentation for the graphics .
So it's just draf graphical for the pointing aspect ?
But the , we could incorporate some of the graphical user points ,
, so I'll list the three most important aspects that I've come across .
And the third most important aspect is that the remote control should be easy to use .

And the recent fashion update , , according to fashion-watchers in Paris and Milan , is that fruit and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes , shoes and furniture .
The fruits and vegetable themes , I if that's going to work for us .
, it's the fruits and vegetables is the only area that I find rather jarring .
But fruits and vegetables seems a very strange idea for a remote control .
Like look at the basic shapes of different fruits and vegetables .
like more like photos of fruit , on our product .
, have one question about the whole fruit and vegetable aspect .
But you're happy to go ahead with the fruit and veg ?
we'll stick to the fruit and veggie theme then .

I'm we're all quite familiar with those on mobiles or computer laptop pads .
In the phone that I was thinking of as , when you change the covers of it , the little buttons that actually , , that contro control , are behind the rubber .
So you can change the buttons when you're changing the faces .
If it's flat then , like o like on a cellphone or a mobile phone , it's like all very flat ,
if it's just like constructed in the same way as like the front cover of a mobile phone . You can like take off the hard cover and then there's the like say the buttons .
, having the numbers like , not a bunch of grapes , but like purple and in a triangle .

, all the other things are individual components that we'd have to get in separately ,
they're quite a flexible design , modern , you don't have to use individual buttons .
and surely that would be like quite specific to the individual television ,
most of that comes like on the i individual television set itself ,

and what is it happens inside the casing , which is more your field .
, lots of considerations for the case , like what shape it would be , curved or flat .
Rubber casing I thing would probably the best , if we're going for the anti-R_S_I_ and like more choice with aesthetics .
, one concern with the rubber casing is that it would be rubber encapsulating all of these chips and diodes and delicate technology as
, there's , there is a certain phone that has like a rubber casing ,
you can get outer casing for iPods and something , that's just it's protective as .
I don't think it would matter that the buttons were bigger through the , the top casing .
I'm you could f work it out to fit in the casing , without causing too much difficulty .
But they still need to fit into people's decor though .

Like how it's comfortable and s sits in the hand .
It's like the same rubber that's used in stress balls and things like that , so it's very like soft , not so stressful on your hands .
And the rubber would just be the , what's in contact with the human .
Another thing is it might be more difficult if it's a rubber exterior talking about putting on interchangeable plates .
is it possible to put designs onto this type of rubber ?
that doesn't improve the use of the produ product ,
and rubber is a more translucent product too ,

, welcome to the third meeting of conceptual design .
on the agenda for this , , for this particular meeting , we'll have your three presentations on what you've done since our last meeting , after we came up with some general ideas of our design .
The meeting will be forty minutes long .
, as we , we've already talked about the personal face-plates in this meeting ,
if you all remember from our kickoff meeting , we talked about our favourite animals .
We have five minutes to finish our meeting .
We'll be meeting again in thirty minutes .
And , , we'll reconvene in thirty minutes .

they're all separate , apart from the chip , which we will probable decide whether we buy a simple , a regular , advanced .
We're going on to that later with the advanc with the L_C_D_ that means we'd need a really advanced chip .
And probably the regular chip as opposed to the simple ,
the next decision is chip on print .
, it was whether we went for the simple , the regular , or the advanced chip .
That's called medium , or regular ?

There's a hand-powered dynamo which is a thing that was used for torches fifty years ago .
, just so c we can work off of them , see how fashions have changed .
, the first one is that there should be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look-and-feel .
, also , in contra in contrast to last year , the feel of the material is expected to be spongy .
So if it's not working they just have to shake it a bit and that revitalises it ?
, you'll be working , Poppy will be working on the look-and-feel design .
Poppy and Tara will have to work together , using modelling clay .

, I when people will , , be moving a remote around a lot .
And maybe learn from the mistakes of other interfaces that can be too complicated for people to use .
Maybe for the television that people have in their kitchen .
Because a lot of people have a house cat . Or , or a dog .
seeing as that was the most popular thing that came up out of your market research , I thi we should keep to that rather than moving to animals ,
I what you i ideally you'd think of age markets as .

It would be like going a step back in time .
, again , stepping back in time again there .
It just needs to be in light for a certain amount of time per day .
so you're picturing the light is coming from the back .
just so , my method was mainly web-based research this time around .

, thes main internal feature is a circuit board , which contains all the elec electronics and also the contacts with the power source .
, there are several components of , , the circuit board that we need to consider , where we'll be getting them from , what they'll be made of .
, including the integrated circuit , which is also known as the chip .
Are they all included , like mandatorily , or r are these different options ?
and work out the most , like , effective circuit , including all the wires and everything like that .
, also we've got the integrated pushbutton , which is what we're most familiar with .

And the advanced we'd have to go with a L_C_D_ s display .
But if we're having a simplified display anyway , w that , we probably won't have to focus so much on that .
I suppose we need to think of symbols for like the volume , display , and like that .

I'll just get the PowerPoint presentation up and running .
'S that the end of your presentation .
Have you guys been saving your PowerPoint presentations to the
I've lost my PowerPoint thing , so I can't remember what it's ca it's the component

And , , then we have to make some key decisions on , on our remote control concept , and how we're gonna make it , what materials we're gonna use , and that thing .
Which is where all the main information is contained .
but that brings with it , like they need to be recharged and the bulk , the size of it as .
given that information , we need to start making some more specific decisions .
Mono , stereo , pitch .
And , , your personal coach will give you the rest of the information of what needs to happen .

it would reduce the impact if it was dropped , as , it wouldn't damage itself so easily .
, the temporary light-up idea , sounds like we're gonna stick to that .
Like what are ideas to combat these problems ?
it's a problem with the international appeal , . , if we have audio
So it's a something that will , , appeal to the fifteen to twenty five year olds .

and the glow in the dark thing might be difficult .
, you can watch a T_V_ in the dark then .
I also spoke with fashion experts in Milan , New York and Paris .
But , if we stick to T_V_ based , , maybe T_V_ shows , or
I , we should just like take advantage of like using this to its full potential .
Some T_V_s will have the option of like living room style , movie style ,

, diodes , transistors , resonators , resistors , and capacit capacitors all need to be considered as .
you , they have there's a like little picture with a screen with lines across it ,
it could be a wee scroller thing , and something could come up on the screen .
Or a strawberry seed or a leaf .
Screen settings was used zero point five times an hour .
because even if that may not seem obvious to us , if that's what the surveys brought out , that we should probably go along with that .

