For the case of the remotes itself , they can be a general case , which is just a flat one .
And th for each of them you have cases where titanium , you can't use it for if you if we're choosing a double curved case , we can't choose titanium .
And if we are choosing solar cells then we can't choose latex for the case material ,
But if we're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything .
then you have the case is , whether it's flat or curved .

You can have a curved one or a double curved one ,
So if you use a rubber double curved case , you must use rubber push-buttons .
and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons .
If it's not a double curved , then we've got the choice for the push-buttons ,
if it's a double curve , we've gotta go for rubber push-buttons .
Mean so what's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubble doub double rubber double curved case ?
So if we've chosen rub rubber and if now we have the choice for the case whether it's flat , single curved or double curved .
And I'm just saying if it if we choose it to be double curved then we need to go
Then the case , do you want it flat or curved or sing or double curved ?
so we want it rub rubber double curved .
, so then if we use double curved case , then we have to u choose rubber push-buttons ,

what I'd like to hear about is if we've finally decided on what energy we're gonna be using and
then the case material itself , so it can be either plastic or latex , rubber , wood , or titanium .
, we're gonna go with we've decided that it's gonna be a rubber case so
isn't a rubber case , mean it's completely flexed , , it flexes to whatever they want it to ?
but then we've decided that we going for rubber for the case material .
I the fact also that we are having a rubber case would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before .
now the trouble is we've already decided that we're going with the that works already , that's cheap .
what do you associate with the mate the material that material ?
It's this rubber casing that we can sell as fun and funky .

, what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit ?
this is the example of the giant remote that's impossible to lose .
and also recent investigation that we've done in the remote control market ,
we have found that for the remote control market these are like most important aspects like that we really need to
the most important aspect is look and feel .
So the remote control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that already that we already have .
Th we should encourage people to throw their remote controls about , because it charges itself up by doing it .
Third most important aspect is it's easy to use .
And so personal what I was just saying like move away from the current remote controls like the look and the feel of the current ones and change the look and feel ,
if somebody go goes into the store they're gonna see like three or four normal remotes , and then a big spongy pink t tomato remote .
This is the remote control tomato .
Especially maybe younger girls if it's in pink they'll be like pink remote control for their room something .

Let's have rubber push buttons , hey .
so the simple push-buttons are gonna be the cheapest .
the rubber push-buttons . Don't you have to move your
for the elderly , where the remote's very large and the buttons are very large and there's only a few buttons .
And I didn't mention that we need a power button in our last
Just the simple s simple straight set of buttons .
we shall have a limited number of buttons ,
it will either have a lock button like we mentioned or a cover like that .
, speak with the button department ,
but that it should be easy to have a button that just prevents the other the other buttons from operating .
and I'm not about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though .
The power button could be like a big apple .

So if you have just a bit of gentle movement that it will give it the energy to work .
Do sol solar panel things , do they have to work from the sun or can they work from a light bulb ?
It's cheap , it's cheerful , it's worked , does work .
you got that thumb movement that you're constantly doing .
Technologically it should be like work , , I . It should work .
, that seems to work with for products like iPod ,
from you Catherine wi your y you're gonna be working on the look and feel design .
and you're gonna be working on the product evaluation .
So we really have a incentive to make this remote work .

I figured with the spam thing , if you can't beat it , join in .
That's the spam that everybody likes to receive .
Rubber , we're all going we're all liking that idea ?
we don't care if it's rub rubber or not ,
We were go we were going with the late with the R_S_I_ rubber , weren't we ?
But the fact that this rubber i is actually used in these anti-R_S_I_ ps specific
We're giving them a way to burn off steam , , .
it's different , but I wouldn't say like a rubber remote is fancy .
they don't really care whether , , at the end of the day whether it works properly or not .
, we can make the squeezing of the rubber be the generating like the energy generator .

I'm just guessing . But it's gonna be the most expensive option , probably and
they would give an option of flat buttons or a
You see , you can still get it does you still get repetitive strain injury , whether you are pressing a button or pressing a flat bit of screen .

If it's something that's inside the unit . I it doesn't affects whether the customer's gonna buy it or not .
, why should people buy this when they're already got a remote that came with the T_V_ ?
One hundred per cent , that's your first thing , you go , I'm not gonna buy that , if it works or not .
So next year people will be buying ,
So it puts , , even the customer into more control over what they're buying instead of , you've got all colour it's either that or nothing .
where , , you have a variety of colours , that people feel like they're customising it when they buy it , even , , just by the fact of choosing .
So we're buying fut , we're getting futures in the company .
This company has its fingers in a lot of different pots .

, colours or particular gimmicky bits to it ,
, I would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like like a black with yellow and somewhere ,
Bright natural colours ,
Like no lime green or bright yellow or bright pink .
The one thing I'm wondering about , I hope that we're not going like too much down a gimmicky road of having
So like you walk in , you're like , I like that remote control , because it's so bright , and then the shop assistant comes up and says , what colour would you like ?
, personally I like walking into a shop and choosing a colour .
, there are some colours that I wouldn I would never choose , and I would be curious how many people choose that colour .
if that's easy enough to find out what colours are more popular .
And produce less of the silly colours , maybe .
but it's doesn't have the colour scheme of the company anywhere on it it's just sil silver and black .

where you have volume up and volume down , but they have a V_ on both of them , so
ideally , a power , channel up , channel down , volume up , volume down , and a numerical keypad .
I wanna watch the pineapple channel .
Like the volume buttons should be the all the same colour and the d and the channel buttons should be one colour and like that , do you mean ?

that's crucial as far as what keys we're going to inc inclu what buttons we are going to include and how they're laid out .
where you could have lot of colours , the keys might be , funny or ,
So , the key layout and design are really crucial .
, so we could have keys that are like a b like a broccoli key and a and an avocado key on them .

You can have a kinetic provision of energy ,
And if we want something fancier , the kinetic provision of energy could be ,
No , but na le you see , you've got , , the energy that's one thing ,
Maybe the kinetic mo provision of energy then .

so for the energy sources we can have a basic battery ,
, there's sometimes combinations , , like calculators do combinations of battery with but also using some solar power .
Think the what would cost the less would be the basic battery , really .
So for the energy source , do we go for the battery or the

But after my fashion thing , you'll realise that rubber is more
, I th my personal preferences of we've all talked about and seemed to be on the same page .
so from looking at this year's trends and fashions
Next year's fashion i very much in fruit and vegetables are thm are like the theme for cloths , shoes and furniture .
and as it's rubber the feel which is in this year is spongy ,
Does the pay-raise immediately come into effect on our next pay-check , or is that

it sounds kinda funky ,
It sounded like Catherine was also speaking with them .
, it's gotta be chew proof .
We were kinda going , , it's gotta feel , it's gotta look and that it's

And we discussed earlier on the R_ S_ I_ problem thing , so we could
you were saying earlier in your research that the people have the R_ people were getting the complaining about R_S_I_ , and this is anti-R_S_I_ .
you want people to be able to quickly access the buttons that they use a lot without always pressing the wrong one .
, if you're looking at if you looking at something that's going to be bought by people , you have to make it new , you have to make it state of the art .
that anti-R_S_I_ you can as you squeeze it you are not only therapeuticising yourself , you are charging the batteries ,
what are ninety per cent of people gonna take ?
say in this country , you'll get , , lots of people wanting something really funky and .
People , , people are saying , , standard gives you repetitive strain injury , this remote control is designed to do the complete opposite ,
And the spaceship doesn't have the R_ have a massive R_ and R_ down the side of it

like either gearing our remote towards kids ,
and kids will be walking in with their parents saying , Mummy I wanna buy that one .
like kids won't break it , it's not breakable if you throw it around .
Especially with younger kids , they can pick it up and
The only thing is that really small kids might chew on it , but
so for little kids and for old ki like teenagers will like it , .

so you can have basic push-buttons or a scroll-wheels , like you have on a mouse ,
push buttons instead of the wheel ?
if we get a scroll-wheel , that's a higher price range .
Even if it's a jog wheel , it's still repetitive .
they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an M_P_ three player like iPod .
I didn't think the spinning-wheel or the L_C_ display were crucial for us .
so we could do like the pink range , the blue range , the green range , the

, Gabriel . Let's let's hear from you about the it's the interface .
, so I'm continuing with the user interface topic .
Gabriel , you're gonna be working on , come up with the user interface design .

if you like put up Bluetooth , and it's like a Bluetooth remote control , everybody's gonna like , ,
So is the advantage of Bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other
that would mean you'd need a television that has Bluetooth in it , which no television does ,
Bluetooth would , , enable you , , to connect you if you get a w call on your mobile phone , but your mobile phone is downstairs , you would get on your television you're being called by this person right now .
Nah , the televi the television would have to be a Bluetooth compatible , .

see I'm learning all sorts of new technologi terms in technology today .
Technically speaking , it's not as advanced , but it does the job , too .
, I'm just letting what's happening in the markets
have something that's little more technologically advanced than what's on the market .

a hand dynamo which is which was used in the fifties for torches ,
, more ergonomic , that suits the palm of your hand , that thing .
Not that watching T_V_ should be that stressful .
, I T_V_ can be stressful , , if you're watching sports .
It would just be probably the most expensive part of our remote without any actual interesting functionality as far as operating the T_V_ .

If we get an advanced chip which is used for the L_C_D_ , the display thing , then that's even more expensive .
is , , advanced chip on print , which I presume is like one P_C_B_ and that's got all the electronics on one board including the infra-red sender ?
what alternatives do we have to the chip on print ?
, if it's not chip on print then , I , you get different chip components , and you build them separately and doesn't include the infra-red .
So let's not let's not bother with the chip on print .
we're not gonna be going for the new technological chip on print expensive things , so we've we're keeping the costs down .

And so I consulted with our manufacturing division .
and so the manufacturing division sent some samples of interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products , like the coffee machine .
what extra things are there extra things this product have ?
, it's , , , it's gonna be par part more of a profit sharing on the product .
I'd like to share in the coffee machine profits , because that's really doing .
I want a share in the space rocket .
, they told you that they wanted whatev our product to represent the R_R_ brand and to be immediately noticeable .
, if you look like at the coffee maker at the corporate web page , it's not obvious .
it is to us , because we worked here for years and we use that coffee machine ,

Th the speech recognition option is it doesn't seem really very promising for us ,
it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the T_V_ on like , turn the T_V_ on , and i turns comes on ,
So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface .
so I was against the speech recognition and against going towards anything in a niche sense .
it should be maybe cutting edge in some sense ,

that's research and development for those that haven't heard that before ,
What about the just developed sample sensor ?
G there , the sample sensor , sample speaker thing .
where , , you can program a sample wi That when you say something it will give a response ,
So you can program your coffee-maker that when you say , good morning , to it says , hello Rick , or whatever .
it's just a sample sensor sample output .

Back again for another wonderful meeting .
watching the match and your team's just lost , you can fuzz it across the room and it'll bounce off the wall back at you .
Just clips of tha that you record yourself .
, so I'll go back , maybe , to the previous slide
And , , you can fuzz it across the room and throw it at your children .
I also took Reissa's marketing findings from the last meeting into consideration ,
but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general , but done .
so w what are our definite decisions on this then as a team ?
come up ki , be ab for the next meeting be able to come in and show us some i some physical ideas .
It's we're we've still couple of minutes until our meeting's due to finish .
. I've just had a sign flashing up saying , finish the meeting .

but we are really keeping to what is already out there , and people've already seen it , people've already got it .
while still keeping to the company's image , .

, strawberry shaped chairs ,
, we'll make it a pomegranate , a big pomegranate .
and you are gonna get a chance to play with some clay .

