Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve .
. The working design , I that's the function
So , we looking for a working design when we come back .
So you have a working design and then a functional design .

and my responsibilities are deal with the technical-functional designs
working design , , it's mainly technical-functional design .

And my role is to design a television remote control .
my role is industrial designer

Three different types of design that we're gonna be concerned with .
So these are all things , , to remember with the budget and when you design

This thing we are gonna design is a new remote control .
After we've finished the remote control we'll get to that .
Now , the discussion I is does anyone of you have experience with remote control ?
now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it , things you would like to change , things you would like to improve with this thing
Like the remote control which we use for T_V_ , it shou it should be used f for some other purpose also , like controlling the temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners , or for heating system .
And and they suddenly the phone rings and they want to turn the T_V_ off and they say , where the hell is my remote control ?

the main responsibility is user interface .
and specifications of user interface and dealing with user interface design .

That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what we have come up with .
there will be individual work whic and then discussion afterwards .

so , so it's really the beep or , or a light should blink .
Beep or it's a light , maybe it's a light .

or or if it's really , if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a sound or a signal .
If lost signal with b throw signal , .
I'm just saying throw signal meaning just whether it's a beep or whether a light or
In in that moment it has a sensor , i it gets a certain darkness , it ge has a sensor and it gives out a signal whether that be a light signal or a beep ,
So the light sensor would activate the signal .

like friendliness , and what we just discussed in general .

So it should be a multi-functional gadget that would control all your household machines .

should be original , trendy , and , , user friendly .
Like trendy no like f for earlier we saw maybe it should be something trendy .

And do you think a good c clue for that is that it would respond to a clap or it would respond to your voice or it would respond what should you have to do to make it beep or blink ?
and voice or clapping it's not specific enough .

, it's functional de , exactly , technical .
And then the technical funct you are the technical function ,

the market range unlimited meaning international
And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification ,
And , , specifi you will get specific instructions for that .

Yes , I feel that all the remote should be very compact .
like kidney shape feels better in your hand , .

Functional , conception and detailed .

So that in case we have to , in the next meeting , present something on the white board .
, the next meeting will be in thirty minutes .

profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro ,
and the production cost should not exceed hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro .
At twelve fifty Euros per

Yes y opening , acquaintance , tool training
Then , tool training try out the white board ,

selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro .
We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price .

I am the project manager for today .
Project plan , that falls under the same heading .

, my idea is maybe that the minute it's really hidden , in other words if it's like in a dark spot , meaning like a newspaper is on top , a sweater is on top or it's behind a plant , at that moment it's like , it's like , what you call it a light s sensors , ?
, i if it were like on top of your bookcase and you usually kept it on the coffee table

participant can draw their favourite animal .
See if I remember how to draw a kitty cat or a rabbit .

to materials , cost , etcetera .

traditional kitty cat .
Fat , a fat cat .
I hope the kitty cat is hungry I don't like snakes .

I exp I s we use 'em we use 'em , right , everyday .

because one of the big things that happens is people lose them . They can't find it .
But it could be someplace really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it .

, because you're s because you're silly . Because people are silly .

have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons , , things like that ?

