the aim is to make a new remote control .
I'm gonna design a remote remote control animal .
Remote control animal .
What what can distinguish our new trendy remote control from all the others .
what's the most important thing at a remote control ?
the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels .
most of the remote c remote controls are just for one purpose .
you got some cheap remote controls there .

I'm the User Interface Designer .
a Graphical User Designer , so
I anything about user interface or design .
the User Interface Designer has to look at the technical functions .

the profit we must make with the new remote is fifty million Euro .
Hundred million remotes ?
w when the selling price is twenty five , you got two million , two million remotes .

with the interface , it might be easier to ha to draw here and display there .
I m like like on here , drawing . And then displaying on screen , but
Is it possible to open pen drawings in this on this screen ?

my function is the Marketing Expert .
But our marketing range is , market range is international .
And by making it multi-purpose , it has a new feature , adds a new feature to the market ,
But when you enter a new market with a remote control and
wanna gain market share

Because my cat is red at home .
You can think about experience with a remote control yourself , at home .

At the white board on the left . Every every one of us must draw our favourite animal ,
Would you start with drawing your favourite animal ?

Think you picked the wrong function . Wrong job .
you are working on the technical functions ,
if the technical functions have to be designed , I've gotta know for what machines they will be .

from my point of view , I don't think it's gonna be very very high tech , high definition , ultra modern kinda remote , for twelve fift twelve and a half Euro .
I have some points from marketing point of view .
each individually i individually must think on what's at his point of view is the most important .

because at the detailed design , how , part two , we go to dig in really about how the te the technical of If it's it's possible technical-wise .
each stage is is broken up in two two stages , individual work and a meeting .
the Industrial Designer has to look at the working design .

important is that we use different colours , and different pen widths . Widths .
Remember you use different colours , and different pen widths .
choose a pen width
You don't have to change the colour and the pen width during the drawing .
Tim , what kinda line width did you have ?

Because we have twen twenty five minutes .
the selling price for the remote will be twenty five Euro ,
and the production cost may not be more than twenty and a half Euro .
So we have virtually the whole world we can sell
it's pretty cheap , twenty five Euros .

This is very straightforward , with the save , the print , the undo , the blank , the select , the pen .
we must not forget everything we draw on here , all must be saved .
You have to draw push hard on the pen

but we must not lose sight of the user friendly
But maybe , because you are working on the user requirements ,
So you don't come up with the user requirements who don't fit the technical functions .

and as you may have heard , the documents in the shared folder can be showed on this screen . Not in y the My Documents .
So if you wanna show something , put it in the shared folder .
when it is in Word and you have saved it in the Shared Documents folder , you can show it there .

before I start with the meeting I have a few things to tell you about the setting we're in ,
next meeting will start in thirty minutes .
I figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually .
And then we're going to fit all the pieces together the next meeting .

So not a remote control who which can can be used for television and a D_V_D_ and radio
think about sending it over radio waves or bluetooth .

I figured this is a pretty b good impression of a rabbit .
I figured the rabbit was actually the most impressive .

because we're being watched by Big Brother .
Can I show them on the big screen ? Maybe ?

So you can see it's real really a easy programme to use . Not difficult .
that , when you're on a certain channel , you can see on the L_C_D_ screen what programmes are coming up or

Do not touch your hand on this little thingy here .
But at the other hand , a pen like that is easy to hold in your hand ,

It's a rabbit with broken legs ?
It's the white rabbit from The Matrix .
There , the g white green rabbit .

that will be done with a tool training from the he these two smart boards .
This is called a smart board
this exercise , did the company board tell you to do it ,

I liked Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles .
we had a dog , a few years ago .
After a cat , a turtle and a dog .

just the standard thing li things like intuitive , small , fairly cheap .
and distinguish from from current products .
where I presume will be some feedback , via the m the mail .

so we don't have our laptops in front of the cameras .
brand independent . , it doesn't have to matter which brand your T_V_ or other thing is .
I rather find it very annoying , like when someone is standing in front of the T_V_ then you can't switch it .

maybe you have read read the website .
W with this paper it's too mu too expensive .
in case you want it This is a dead fly . Between the , , the

and discussion about that and a little closing at the end .

This one is for the presentations , the PowerPoint presentations or the Word presentation of whatever you you had .
he looks like the the lion from The Lion King .
at the beginning of such a project , it's it's very to talk about , , this would be , that would be .
make some mock-ups , some general ideas .

It's inside its shell . You'll be finished sooner .
You will receive specific instructions by your personal coach .

