this one is the the advanced one with a lot of options and functions and buttons .
It's just only for adults so we can use some advanced options .
But if you want to use your video recorder else , you should use an an advanced option .
So it looks very simple and all the advanced features are hidden in the screen , with a clear menu .
I , my is it's pretty handy for advanced advanced functions .
The the simple functions for the whole public , and the advanced options for the younger people who are more experienced with
I w I should put the the extra advanced options on the onto the onscreen display .
but only for the basic functi if you're going to use the advanced option , you're going to press the menu button and then .
Channel up and down , and the control of the advanced options .
So maybe it , we should decide what advanced options we want to put in the L_C_D_ screen .
Under the a advanced option menu you can put those things .

So is you should have a menu for all the functions you don't use regular and which are
mo most of the time this menu button is also like , to confirm a action .
you have a button menu , which you can use directly , according to the old principle .
If if I make the the menu like , I have to state which function has to be in the menu ,
if you're z zapping with your remote control , you can press the menu button , and then you are suddenly into the the display .
l should leave the menu button out of here .
Menu button access the menu in the L_C_D_ screen .
Hey is it interesting for users if we put LED lights under the buttons ? So that if you press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are ligh li light up .
keep it optional maybe you can go left to right and up and down in a in one menu .

my computer is not functioning properly .
Functional ? functional requirements .
I'm gonna talk about functional requirements .
there is also was also some research on the most relevant and irrelevant f functions .
we have to combine them . And merge the best functions of all examples .
only use a extra function if they are really needed .
and then the basic function just on the device itself .
we have to watch out for the i if we make it f very fashionable , it the functional functionality will go down .
So we have to make a compromise between functionality and fashional fashionable
shou should we make a list of the of all the functions we want
but if you are using the normal functions , the basic functions , you normally press them on the u .
You want the normal piece of paper ? And you have a pen ?
You select a function like v like bass .
all the functional aspects of the remote are in my department .
we make these the advanced functions and these the basic functions .
If you put too many functions in one button it gets confusing .
and then it's also easier to integrate several functions in one button .
And then use the two functional buttons to confirm , to go into something ?

. No but my screen is reduced in size .
screen settings for brightness and colour and like that .
about an L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition .
And we do have to integrate the screen and the speech
what we can do with the screen is all the configuration options , you can put that in the screen .
and the other oth other functionality is the screen .
so what we might wanna do is cust I have customised the screen functions , if what .
But all incorporated in the screen or just on the remote itself ?
the position of the screen is also more essential than
But the television itself has also the options brightness and screen colour etcetera . So
and you can concentrate more on the button placement and the placement of the screen itself on the
Y you are going to make a list of what functions are are going to be on the screen , the menu screen .

power button , channel , volume selection .
We have to make them very easy so for just zapping around the channels you can just push one button .
Like if you have like ten buttons for all the channels ,
So you have up and down for the channels , and left and right for the volume
Or you can incorporate two difference different buttons .
And then with these buttons , woa , y you navigate .
But you can also navigate the channels . And the volume .
So maybe make one one button and one navigation button .
the with the channel and the volume m a multifunctional navigation button .

observing of one hundred subjects in the usability lab using a remote control .
They disliked the look-and-feel of current remotes controls .
it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control .
there was some research on new features in a remote control .
And and certainly for the lower age groups , design , which does not make the remote control in your room .
So it's the people can say , what's that , that's my remote control ,
So I was just working off the top of my head and using my colin common knowledge about remote controls .
But then the information came and it was exact with all the steps in the remote control that I had to follow , so I was trying to organise them for myself .
And the corporate identity should be clear in the design of the remote control .
And do we need a logo on our remote control , or
And you have in that the the remote control options .
The the layout of the remote control ?

You pressed alt F_ four ?
No no . I pressed the mouse button .
Mean you press a button the it tru goes , it sends a signal to a chip ,
and then if you press it you the screen gets activated and then you can use these buttons to scroll up and down and left and right to go into functon
but also , which buttons you have to press to get a certain result ?
and also make clear which buttons to press to get certain result ,
, is if you're pressing up and down , you can easily press the once you , when you're not already at your choice .

so y you have it in your hand , and the screen is below , and the buttons are in the middle .
most of the time you have one button in the middle . It says menu ,
treble , middl middle , bass .
The pr the problem with the button in the middle is ,

but I prefer we use the basic options .
So there are not extra options in this case , but
And if we have a larger public we have more options to sell our product .
the button options and the L_C_D_ options .
And the L_C_D_ options are activated by some software options , thats communicates with the infrared decoder .

this is numbers , volume , channel up and down .
and then you can select a number in your remote on which you want to save it .
but can you also say I want f Veronica on the channel number five or
you current channel and then it just says , on which number do you want to save this ,
and you just press a number on your remote , and then say confirm , , and then it's saved .

so not only the design of the bus buttons but o how you can push them , and like that . So the physical aspect of it .
It's it's actually a part of your interior , of your design in your room .
the design , a the actual design ,
And that you can choose what the design displays , or wha whatever .
working design . Doch .
And the working design was to specify how ph the physical interation between the components was , as I believe .
The User Interface Designer can design a menu for all these function
So you design the basic function menu for the L_C_D_ screen ?
so if you wanna the changing the channels s thing is , I have to integrate that in the design .
that's in the functional design folder .

So we can go for the look-and-feel of the left example , and then a screen on top of it .
usually the power button is on top I .
L left top or right top ?
But it should be if the screen is here then the logo should be like on top ,
we look where we have space left and then put the logo over there .
a screen on top looks more lo logical to me .
So we put this on top , and then make the corporate logo
But if you if you hold the ma the remote like this , if you put it on the top on the side

but this is really your department , that we need just the functional display and four cursors .
Because if you use the functions your hand will block the display .
most T_V_s automatically display the name , which they get through the cable .
you should be able to browse through a list , which w displays all the values , all the channels which are possible .

Did you plug in the power cable when you come back ?
But we need an lower level which to s focus .
and then on each screen there's there should be an option to go back to a upper level .
And then one to confirm , and one to go one step back .
To go one step back you it's only two extra buttons ,
And maybe we should use this also as an button , still . And then just only a back button .
you can put the laptop back in the room and

channel settings , so for programming your channels in the right order .
searching for channels , programming them .
isn't that depends on the signal of the of what program you're watching .
and what you say , channel settings or channel programming ?
so I've g channel program is autoseek ?
S let's say you have R_T_L_ five on channel five . And Veronica on channel eight and you want to move Veronica to channel five ,
Or or is it too hard to ju to just do it all on your remote ? To programme the channels ?
it's it's harder to , if you have already programmed it , to swap .

if you can't control the sound settings if you dislike a very loud bass , you need to change that .
like you have a visual of the brightness with a sliding bar and a bus and like that for sound and vis and visuals ?
so we needed to integrate the sound and and image options right ?
sound and then within sound I treble and bass ?
do we want the buttons to make sound when you press them ? As a confirmation or whatever ?
The sound , sound and image .

we got an update for the audience . Or the targeted group .
Our current customers are in the age group forty plus .
because you see a clear distinction between the age groups , concerning the features .
it should be designed for a use g group below forty ,
but I don't think it's w wrong if we can target the current customer group as .
And we have to decide on the functions , and on the , let's see what was it , the target group .
the one group for the display , and one group for the basic functions ,

then you could put a screen , like on a mobile phone , also on top I .
Also because people use m mobile phones and they also have the screen on top .
If you look at your mobile phones are some stripes , little holes .
most mobile phones used that in the beginning but
So it's like the save button on your mobile phone , if you have a Nokia or like that .

they do not match the operating behaviour of the users .
we have to keep all the classic functions but make the buttons as user-friendly as possible .
and marketing research stated that users are not afraid of a lot of functions .
The younger users are more acquainted with these machines so they can use more advanced functions .
that's 's up to Mister User Interface Designer .
Isn't that more the u the user interface part ?

But it's not clear what you have to type type in your presentation .
I had a whole idea and then just was typing it and then . I have to do that so switch .
This presentation is mainly based on my own ideas I hadn't time to intergrate tha the information yet so
so but I don't think that's a problem because the thing has to have a colour anyway , and most of the times there is a brand present on it .
we have power button , whether that's present .
Channel volume selection present .
I'm not s clear about the extra two buttons .
that's a good idea because then it becomes clear which buttons are active now , which you can use .

above forty people are not so interested not so interested in a screen or speech recognition .
And the info on the website which came too late .
I people of sixteen are quite used to technology .
But maybe elderly people don't understand it so , so they need a simpler remote .
But most of the times if a T_V_'s on standby people just press a channel to put it on .
but people don't want to sit on their knees in front of their television with only three buttons then it's very hard to
And we have to make some maps with with the all the data we gathered .

most irrelevant and less used were audio settings , mono , stereo , pitch , bass .
the mono stereo option ?
a audio settings , mono , stereo , pitch , bass , treble . Screen settings , brightness and colour .

my T_V_ doesn't have an equ equaliser but
which translates it into infrared signal of certin spatial frequencies .
And or temporal fr frequencies actually .
And then through a transformer , it the signal gets boosted and then sent to the receiver on the T_V_
and the T_V_ will translate it into a function .
most T_V_s use only treble and bass .
The fr the frequency of the tones , .
So you have an option to start scanning all the frequencies , and when it encounters one , it shows on your T_V_ . And then you can
It only has to match the channel frequency on your T_V_ , with the position on your T_V_ and so your remote .

I spent a lot of time thinking about what I was gonna do and then a couple of minutes before this I get my function the information that I need .
Sixteen to twenty five , twenty five to thirty five , thirty five to forty five , something like that .
So is it from sixteen to forty ? Is it from twenty to forty ? Is it from thirty ?
and then we can work for thirty minutes ,

And the new product should reach new markets , which is the customers below forty .
I that's the tar or male and female
Which should be easy , easily reached with the thumb .
So it should be a little bit longer so that you can put your thumb , also reach the middle .
So you just have to reach a little bit for the power button .
most of the times you override the previous the previous one .

we can skip this part as , because I read above forty so we could skip the features ,
that are the consequences on a marketing part .
the marketing research started on s on the age of sixteen .
maybe left-handed special addition , but .
And for the speech recognition part , if we want to incorporate that , we need a microphone .
You have an additional processor and software part .

but we can skip that because I saw the newsflash , and teletext is so outdated that it's i should not be used any more in the future .
but the newsflash also stated that it should control only one device , only your television .
for those that didn't see yet the basic new requirements of the management were no teletext , only for T_V_ .
But the communication with the television is difficult .
yh we have lunch break ,

It's pretty hard to write .
and I have to write very fast to make the minich min minutes .
But do we have to write to write down the our now ? Or first lunchbreak ?

I received an email so I can't mail you so I'd just drop it in the folder , but
No so it's a text file n in the project folder .
Does it save automatically in the project folder ? Or

No flapped it , closed it , took it here and then this happened .
Mm-hmm . Content and form .
So this is an overview of what we discussed in our last meeting .
it's now there are lots and lots of documents
you can open it with the picture preview or like that .

