but the colours , you can make it make the colours with LEDs beneath the buttons .
If you press a button and you can disable the colour LEDs for people that don't like it .
but the primary colours w we can create with the LEDs on the remote control .
So it not only in the colours of the LEDs , that we want something to keep it visible times ,
You better bet better keep the LED and the button itself in the same colour I .
what we should do is make a see-through plastic button , with one coloured LED behind it .

But do j do we do the speech just for the basic options , for the simple buttons ?
in the last meeting we we were putting the simple and the advanced options separated .
Pressing the menu option will disable all other options on your remote control .
but if you make it more curved we can make more and more options for buttons .
the more advanced options were for the menu .
But do we want options on the side with the buttons ?

display on the upper side with the menu button and maybe a some cancel button or save button .
Otherwise you would have a simple chip , just for pressing buttons . But we need more .
To switch from buttons to interface . If you turn it a little .
or preferably even keep the simple buttons here , and then under the screen even you could put more advanced buttons .
But you can hide the and the back button .
Those buttons ? And the simple buttons here ,
maybe a white a white backlight ?
White backlight , and dark .
The the press buttons . Should they be white or black or
But maybe the buttons , all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people .
we skip this I . Sound button press .
So the pl the plastic buttons also help because of they are only lit during interaction . So
Let's fill i fill in the buttons later .
could make an a volume button scroll , volume button .

kids can make it look more flashy with different kinds of colours
If you make it just a bl give it a blue colour , then it's just a neutral colour ,
if you if flashing colour so you can't lose it , .
, the colour of the background of the display ?
I don't it s has to be a sixty sixty six five thousand colour , so too expensive .
As long as you loo use high contrast between the background and the foreground colour .
But don't we wanna make the background the bright colo colours ? So th the total of very bright ?
It's actually a pretty trendy colour at the moment .

fruit and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothing , shoes and furniture .
this is the fruit and vegetables looks of fresh bright colours .
so the fruits and vegetables in combination with the spongey material .
nothing about the buttons but just sponge thing , and some fruit and colours
If you , the young dynamic people want soft primary colours , which looks like fruits , you can
So the keywords are primary co colours , spongey ?

so the buttons are on top here , and you flip it over that way .
And the menu button also because when you flip it open
and you can maybe even drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will auto activate amauto automatically .
So b but you have t you need some button to flip this open .
and it says menu and it flips open and then you have the buttons to control it , in combination with your
it's not very very strong if you drop it one time .
you can adjust the angle to which it flips .

I'm dealing with the components design .
I used some design examples we had from similar products .
And I used possibilities from our manufacturing department about current components which will have to be implemented in the design .
But how we would use that into the design of the actual product .
we have this very basic trendy design .
But this is the basic design for the m for the buttons .
and people who want something , , different , or more design , they can go for one colour
Next thirty minutes to design something so

Or blue ? Dark blue or
So that's a dark blue basic colour I .
but it's should be more real dark blue , so the contrast with the fruit objects is pretty high .
Green is too old-fashioned . But blue , blue's . J
And if the background is very dark blue
But if you use green on blue , those colours will look the same .

we have again three presentations and then we have to decide on what concepts the mobile phone has to f the remote control has to support .
there has been inv investigation again , in the remote control market .
it stands for the use of technical features that do not exist in current remote controls .
And the third development is that the remote control should be easy to use .
I always chuck my remote control around , so
that's one thing which I'm not of how to implement it into the remote control .
I don't like to call brands phones ,
I remember from one of our first meetings that people lose their remote controls often .
they are responsible enough to have a mobile phone , so also to deal with their remote control . Yes .
. It's called the Real Remote .

where your thumbs would be laying in the instrument and it has to be to hold . And
If you have it have it in your hand , you are not only you don't need one dimension but you can use other dimensions for pressing the buttons .
So it's easier to hold in your hand , to y f
And if you think about easy to use buttons , we have to , we have to make it the shape so that it's easy to hold f for both hands ,
but also that you can reach the buttons with your thumb , if you hold the machine .
The middle has to be very small so you can have it in your hand .

and then very bright , a yellow banana , an orange , a green apple , like that ,
w we need very primary colours , like bright red , bright yellow .
Those things were all like bright red , flashy .
And then yellow and orange and red objects on it .
Red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate . Even for colourblind .
That that's a default setting . The the red buttons .
I was think about a red red LEDs and blue LEDs and

it shows a number of developments .
the advanced chip is easiest to implement for the production , they can print it better .
so it's better to have some basic print and then a fruit print in some primary colours .
I what colours should the basic print be like ?
partly but you have to print on the number . Or the sign .
With a copyright sign after Real .

we can use a scroll buttons for the menus ,
but we already decided to go for the f for the pushbuttons , for the arrow buttons .
You don't have to be scared about bouncing it off the g floor and breaking it or whatever .
It has to be instead of the PlayStation , the module . It has to be like the Game Cube , ,
that you scroll with your thumb , with the arrows , and then confirm .
And and the control thngs in the middle ? The the arrows ?
So the with the scroll is more futuristic than the standard arrow buttons .

So from top view it looks kinda like this .
But then the side view can be straight . If you have a pop-up screen .
but it's pretty fresh , on the other side .
Not only on the front si the top side but also the side view .
L let's make first the all the views . The the front view , side view and the back view .
for the side view , that the w the basic section would be rather a bit thicker than the middle , where you're holding it with your
only if you are going to put buttons on the side of the unit .

Single curved , which means that it has curves in one dimension .
but that we will have to go for the double curved it's daring and different from what we have now .
So w single curved ? let's say would be a b square box , but then with curves on one dimension .
And double curved would means that it would have curves in every direction . Like three D_ . .
Kinetic . Double curved .
And th that means curved in both dire dimensions .
instead of doubly curved we take a single curved . So to appeal a little more to the all the public .
so we keep it singly c single curved then ?

No but it has to be combined with the menu for functions and
you can just match the speech commands with the functions that are already present .
we need the chip on print to be able to support the screen and and f audio function .
S see this is the standard traditional type , where the form serves the function , .
So that the only the simple functions will be visible at first .
but this part isn't functioning properly .
So the display we will put in here , the basic functions in here , where it's most reachable .

also in countries where there's n isn't much light like in Scandinavia , they wouldn't be y able to use it half of the year .
And only the L_C_D_ panel will light up and then you can only change the the options .
every pushbutton has has its own LED light .
The cost of making it should be twelve and a half ?
There is mobile phones , in which you can change the colour also of the lights .
That actually will offer some extra protection for the
And how about some some flashing standby lights ?
I know you sh you should test it under under a light conditions .
. But you need to keep in mind that the LEDs are just extra light .
Light only button user ca user interaction .
it's a good thing that the buttons aren't , that they are plastic , because then you can light up the light on when they are usable .

they gave me an idea about what people want .
it fits most in what people wanna see nowadays .
But it is more longlasting , that the people don't have to ever buy batteries again .
So you can change m make it more trendy for younger people .
And if there are older people they wanted more more luxurous so that's an a also an option .
it has also to be luxurous for rich people .
And it's also for the children , it's for people not sixteen years .

And the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological innovative .
the first aspect was twice as important as the second aspect,w which was twice as important as the third aspect .
technolog technological innovation , we've covered that I .
One one very important thing I was thinking about is the speech option .
the visual representation is not there with speech

But it comes down to what you what you think we should do with the spongey and the fruity looking type .
energy source , chip type , case type . And user interface .
the interface type supplements .
And then after that we can make the user inter interface .

we covered that with our screen and and speech recognition ,
you have it in your hand so it's a an angle from your eyes to the screen .
How about we do a a pop-up screen , like the laptop .
the idea of it was , is that because you close it , you cover the L_C_D_ screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever .
We just have to make that the closing mechanism won't break .
So if I'm drawing and you think I'm not gonna be able to put a screen in there , you have to correct .
May maybe it's easier to integrate the L_C_D_ screen just into this bubble .
because if it falls on the other side , it doesn't fall on the screen .

And the feel of the material is expected to be spongey .
most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel . Instead of the current functional look-and-feel .
fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and the interface .
So fancy look-and-feel is the most important point of attention .
I have to focus on the basic look-and-feel design .
because it will feel weird if you would make this smaller and this bigger that
Remember that the weird pocketphone thingy which looked like a Gameboy .

fashion watch watchers have detected the trends for young public , because that's our public .
and shapes that are curved and not solid straight lines anymore .
We're going to produce it in China so it's no problem .
we wanna appeal to the young public with fancy with flashy colours , and with a lot of shape .
And I'm thinking a drawing palette , where you have the shape for your thumb .
but we have hardware inside , which is so it has to have some basic shape .
bananas wierd shape and other fruits also ,
Shall we make some outline sketches of the basic shape first ?
do you mind if I draw in black then ? For normal sketches .

and especially when the material's rubber . It can be done , , you can't harm it ,
And rubber . Rubber material .
An adv an adv and it will be covered in some thin rubber layer like that .
We we could make some rubber mouse , with which you can change
So there's a layer of rubber on the side .

I could not drag the pictures into the slides so s so I don't have examples of how it looks like .
for the a case , there's the traditional uncurved flat hard case .
the case would be doubly curved . So
do you have a picture of doubly curved case ?
I got my fresh and fyoo fruity picture also over there , so
Because we have en enough space for making a an L_C_D .

the energy source . we have four types .
the kinetic provision of energy which means if you move the thing , if you shake it .
I first chose for the battery , I'm traditional and that's the most obvious , easiest choice to go to .
you can only fit one source of energy on the
imagine that the kinetic type energy source would be more expensive to make .
So we only , we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy .
your fingers have to fit underneath and

There is a lot of factors involved in choosing the components .
so we should better choose one sh one shape .
Sh sh shouldn't we integrate it ?

Move to meeting room .
which we we Dutch refer to it as the kneipgatt .
You did read the minutes I wrote ?
with a speech display , sound , everything you noted in your minutes .
Y left left and then I have to kick you out .
Five minutes left before the meeting ends .

So my point of attention is especially this part .
I wasn't able to finish my personal preferences sheet ,
we have all kinds of hard materials like the hard plastic , the wood and the titanium .
I was working on some per personal preferences .
So we need to sell it for twenty five Euro a piece .
Child labour man , we love it .
the lower part doesn't work I ,
It's fun to work with this pen .

I knew that I didn't have time so copy and paste everything into the
I can't cut and paste it into the other folder but
We're f mainly focusing on this group , but I want to make the distinction clear .
And could you put that in the group folder ? Of the project folder .
'S the target group .
but maybe you can do the evaluation you don't have to evaluate yet but you can make a procedure which to follow .

