I'm really excited to start this team .
I'm just gonna have a little PowerPoint presentation for us , for our kick-off meeting .
our agenda today is we are gonna do a little opening
then we'll move into acquaintance such as getting to know each other a little bit , including a tool training exercise .
And then we'll move into the project plan ,
we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about ,
it needs to be original , trendy and user-friendly .
I'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those .
so we're gonna divide us up into three compa three parts .
the conceptional design , individual work and a meeting ,
and then the detailed design , individual work and a meeting .
what we're gonna do is start off with let's start off with Amina .
and then draw your favourite animal
I'm supposed to draw my favourite animal .
I have no drawing skills whatsoever .
A_ L_ I_ M_ A_ .
and I I'm the Industrial Designer on this project .
Not necessarily it's my absolute favourite animal ,
and I'm the User Interface Designer for the project . .
And I'll try and draw my favourite animal .
I'm from around D_C_ ish in the U_S_ .
And we're gonna keep the deep sea theme going on , animal .
and I'm Project Manager , from California .
I live I live right across the street from an open space in California .
We have coyotes howl all the time .
We're gonna talk about project finances .
we'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of fifteen million Euro from our sales
and because this is such this is for television it's a we have a market range of Internet , like it's an international market range ,
in order to make a profit of this magnitude , we need to be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro .
just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project , I could I'd like to hear about your experiences using ro remote controls ,
your first ideas about creating a new r remote control ,
I hate when there's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the T_V_
I feel like you end up with multimedia overload .
I've used , I've used remote controls , for things like T_V_ and the C_D_ player and video recorder
and I they're pretty neat little tools .
and walk across the room to change a channel .
especially , like if I'm watching T_V_ I have to have three separate remote controls of in front of me , , one for the T_V_ , one for the digital box , one for m the video recorder as . .
My dad has a whole drawer at home of remotes for various things ,
And one thing I particularly like is if you are not moving it around to get it to work with the infra-red .
but I know in my residence right now the television you have to walk all around the room to get it to turn on ,
so i it's just simpler just to just turn around the T_V_ itself ,
and that's if we're gonna make a remote control , it should actually work for what it's doing .
like are there some remotes that don't require like batteries
or do all remotes require batteries ?
that would last a lot longer than like double A_s .
like tho those are the batteries that are used in a lot of M_P_ three players now and that thing . .
it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over to combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes .
doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder
but that just has your major buttons for that work for everything , volume control , on , off ,
so it's like if you're looki if you're trying to get the T_V_ on that's , , like the top thing on the remote , if d be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're gonna make it , but if it's like all the T_V_ was here ,
all the whatever else we have programmed into it's all just in its separate place and not like all the on buttons together ,
and if if you'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day .
so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on , off , channel changing , volume , and another rote remote with all the special things .
Because that is one thing that remotes tend to have buttons that the T_V_s no longer have as .
you're gonna m need those special functions occasionally .
but not necessarily on the m the normal remote .
are we designing a remote control for a television only
would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it ?
or should we just stick to having television related buttons on it ?
, if it if we're taking it just new product a new television remote control that's not like doesn't say .
So we should maybe we should assume that i t it's just a television that we're wanting to control .
I suppose it would be to have playing and record and stop buttons on it for the video recorder as
If you have older people or people like me that aren't very co-ordinated hand-eye , it's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons , if we can help it .
sounds like we've had a good little discussion for our first ideas .
now our next meeting starts in thirty minutes .
so we can continue discussing more new ideas if you'd like ,
the industrial design , Alima will be doing the working design .
the User Interface Designer , that's for . Technical functions , I like keeping in mind the buttons thing , the size of the buttons .
user requirements , so you'll be hearing about different trends , about different things that people need ,
I the same discussion that we've been having , we'll get from the actual consum s consumers .
And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach .
So I'm we'll all have more concrete things to contribute next time
I'll type up mi minutes
Just make you keep checking the company web site and the emails .