It's made edible kids eat it ,
because I remember like , peopl if my Mom ever did it but I remember other people's Moms making like home-made Play-Doh where you just like make the colouring and make some dough .
separate it from the other remotes out on the market .
So , , if you hold it like that , the one on your thumb , , the thumb button is the power button .
Your index finger is channel up , middle finger is channel down ,
ring finger is volume up , your pinkie is volume down .
and then the M_ is a mute button .
and then you can also there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the channel if you want .
So it's really basic functionalities as far as what keys are available ,
So all the , the important keys are right at your f right at at a convenient place for you to access them .
And it's also conformable to the size of your hand .
if that's too big , it's a rubber remote , so you can ,
So d does that what mesh with what you guys were hoping and for and expecting or does it
, if we build rocket ships why can't we build left-handed and right-handed remotes .
like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ?
, I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer for the whole the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse .
everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so
Imagine you're doing it with your left hand ,
it's , , if the R_R_ motto is , we bring fashion to electronics , I'd say that could be quite fashionable .
And it's got the b the black and yellow and blue .
Plus red , which is a fruit and vegetable .
That was the main criteria from the last meeting , it had to be chew proof .
And the electronics , we decided on it being just a simple , the easiest thing that's inside it .
So the case , we've gone for the double curved .
they're in diff special colours ,
, they're a special form there in shapes and .
They're not made out of wood or titanium or rubber or anything , they're just simple
That's gonna cost ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make .
And our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty .
And we're actua actually making a better profit than we expected .
Save it in save it in the my documents .
I love the smell of that Play-Doh .
So the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about ?
That was our main technological innovation
w every everything else was fairly simple , but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new .
but that's not that's a design that's a des that's a design thing , .
i it i it is more geared for right-handed people than left-handed people , but
It's not the kinda thing that's gonna slip like between a couch cushion , .
, you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically , but
, anything , . . It's bigger than the average mobile , I .
The mobiles get lost all the time .
But then you ring 'em and you find them . So
, wanna put in as Project Manager the , little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it ,
you've w everyone's come up with their own individual ideas in their own different departments ,
during our design there was some s some heated discussion ,
Did you have to go down to the corporate squash court and bash a few balls about ?
Think we're the envy of all the other R_R_ teams , .
Funny , all designer meetings could be this quick .
they're actually trying to find ideas for a ideal remote .
, two years' time this will be on the market .
So at this stage , , is this the last meeting of the project ?
when this meeting's finished like officially , there b we'll get a questionnaire to fill in .
we originally had a As far as our financial goals , we had a specific number for profits that we wanted .
It was fifty mil fifty million
, since we saved on the production cost , do we know how much we're making on profit ?
When it c when it comes to all the other things of how to sell it and , , the b the profits and all that's other departments
it's another team that actually work out the mai the
prof profit sharing .
We finished an hour earlier .
actually and one advantage of this is that after the , , after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a remote , .
We're not we're not , tying our cart to that one horse .
, this is very marketable in that it is it's something that's new and looks a bit quirky for people who want that ,
that , , it's marketable in the sense that it's whilst all these other remotes actually do give you repetitive strain injury , our one does the complete opposite , ,
It make watching T_V_ healthy .
, and if you're not having a good time with the T_V_ , you can f throw it about , .
Just don't sh don't throw it at any of the ornaments and break them .
, you can break the ornaments , but you won't break that .
In the corporate bar that's next to the corporate swimming pool on the top floor that we're that've all just gained access to .
I it's probably better that we wrap it up than have five minutes of silence .
we're gonna get asked to fill out another questionnaire .
The using of the pens and writing on these special pads and all that ?
Being all wired up and a vibrating pen and it's .
It would be different if it was hand writing recognition , but as it's not
it's literally that'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text .
they do want to do hand writing recognition on that , it's just the first step .