the main responsibility is user interface .
And my role is to design a television remote control .
my role is industrial designer
and my responsibilities are deal with the technical-functional designs
and specifications of user interface and dealing with user interface design .
I am the project manager for today .
Yes y opening , acquaintance , tool training
Project plan , that falls under the same heading .
This thing we are gonna design is a new remote control .
should be original , trendy , and , , user friendly .
Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve .
That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what we have come up with .
there will be individual work whic and then discussion afterwards .
Three different types of design that we're gonna be concerned with .
Functional , conception and detailed .
After we've finished the remote control we'll get to that .
Then , tool training try out the white board ,
participant can draw their favourite animal .
So that in case we have to , in the next meeting , present something on the white board .
See if I remember how to draw a kitty cat or a rabbit .
traditional kitty cat .
Fat , a fat cat .
I hope the kitty cat is hungry I don't like snakes .
selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro .
profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro ,
the market range unlimited meaning international
and the production cost should not exceed hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro .
So these are all things , , to remember with the budget and when you design
to materials , cost , etcetera .
Now , the discussion I is does anyone of you have experience with remote control ?
I exp I s we use 'em we use 'em , right , everyday .
now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it , things you would like to change , things you would like to improve with this thing
have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons , , things like that ?
Yes , I feel that all the remote should be very compact .
Like the remote control which we use for T_V_ , it shou it should be used f for some other purpose also , like controlling the temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners , or for heating system .
So it should be a multi-functional gadget that would control all your household machines .
At twelve fifty Euros per
Like trendy no like f for earlier we saw maybe it should be something trendy .
like kidney shape feels better in your hand , .
because one of the big things that happens is people lose them . They can't find it .
And and they suddenly the phone rings and they want to turn the T_V_ off and they say , where the hell is my remote control ?
or or if it's really , if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a sound or a signal .
so , so it's really the beep or , or a light should blink .
If lost signal with b throw signal , .
I'm just saying throw signal meaning just whether it's a beep or whether a light or
Beep or it's a light , maybe it's a light .
And do you think a good c clue for that is that it would respond to a clap or it would respond to your voice or it would respond what should you have to do to make it beep or blink ?
, my idea is maybe that the minute it's really hidden , in other words if it's like in a dark spot , meaning like a newspaper is on top , a sweater is on top or it's behind a plant , at that moment it's like , it's like , what you call it a light s sensors , ?
In in that moment it has a sensor , i it gets a certain darkness , it ge has a sensor and it gives out a signal whether that be a light signal or a beep ,
So the light sensor would activate the signal .
and voice or clapping it's not specific enough .
But it could be someplace really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it .
, because you're s because you're silly . Because people are silly .
, i if it were like on top of your bookcase and you usually kept it on the coffee table
, the next meeting will be in thirty minutes .
. The working design , I that's the function
, it's functional de , exactly , technical .
So , we looking for a working design when we come back .
working design , , it's mainly technical-functional design .
And then the technical funct you are the technical function ,
So you have a working design and then a functional design .
And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification ,
like friendliness , and what we just discussed in general .
We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price .
And , , specifi you will get specific instructions for that .