I hope you enjoyed your lunch .
this is the second phase we're going to discuss today .
It's the conceptual design meeting .
And a few points of interest in this meeting are the conceptual specification of components . conceptual specification of design . And also trend-watching .
these are hopefully the points you addressed in your pre presentations
after that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts .
did someone encounter any problems during the preparation ?
these are the points we on . The requirements and the target market .
requirements are teletext , docking station , audio signal , small screen , with some extras that button information .
And we're going to target sixty to eighty year old customers .
I'm gonna inform you about the trend-watching I've done over the past few days .
We distributed some more enquetes , questionnaires .
And besides that I deployed some trend-watchers to Milan and Paris to get all of the newest trends .
And I've consulted some additional trend-watch trend-watchers , after the original trend-watchers return , about what the best design would be .
most important thing is the fancy design .
the research indicated that was by far the most important factor .
innovativeness was about half as important as the fancy design .
By innovativeness this means functions which are not featured in other remote controls .
about half of , half as important as the innovativeness was the was easy to use .
for our group , we're focusing on the people of sixty to eighty y years old , this is , these factors are slightly more equal .
these are some more group specific findings .
the older people prefer dark colours .
they like recognisable shapes , and familiar material .
And our surveys have indicated that especially wood is the material for older people .
this is , this image will give you a little bit of an impression about the look-and-feel that the remote should have .
this leads us to some personal preferences .
the remote control and the docking station should blend in the room .
the docking station and small screen would be our main points of interest ,
because this would be the These would be the innovativeness in the remote control .
So this would be very important that we at least include these features .
the trend-watchers I consulted advised that it b should be , the remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped .
So you could imagine that the remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station .
This is a new shape to older people .
So they would prefer a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station .
besides that we would advise to bring two editions , one with a wood-like colour and maybe feel , and one with a grey-black colour .
The wood-like for the more exclusive people . People with more money .
the grey-black colour for people with less means .
some research a about designing of an interface .
finding an attractive way to control the remote control . the I found some something about speech recognition .
just we have just to focus on the primary functions .
only buttons for sound , for on-off , shifting u up sa ca channel or down shifting down .
it's like a speak speech recognition and a special button for selecting subtitles .
It's possible to to make quite cheap system for speech recognition .
you can think about when you lost your remote control , you can call it and it gives an sig signal .
And and for shifting up a sen c ch channel or for putting out sound , you can just give a sign say sound off
I was thinking about the special button for subtitles ,
one push on the button you get small subtitles .
double push , if double click , so you get big subtitles , for people which c f who can't read small subtitles .
we've got the buttons we have to use . The on-off , sound higher or lower , the numbers , zero to nine . the general buttons m more general b one button for shifting up and shifting down channel .
also we want to use a little d display for for displaying the the functions of the buttons .
And we can build in a function f which shows the channel or some which the t television is on .
Just we can put the on-off button over in this corner ,
almost e all remote controls are using a on-off button on that place .
so people will recognise the button .
D display of it , it's just a small display .
and a special button for shifting up and shifting down channel , it's on place where the thumb of the
So you can easily shift up or shift down .
all the f functions for subtitle one button , for sound
and for our design , we have to discuss about it so the form of it
for the energy source we can use a basic battery
or , a as an optional thing , a kinetic energy , like in a watch ,
which you just shake and it produces energy .
But if we choose for that option , the docking station would c become obsolete .
for the casing , the manufacturing department can deliver a flat casing , single or double curved casing .
It's doesn't imply any technical restrictions .
as a case supplement , we could , of that l later , a rubber belt , like a anti-slip .
for the b buttons , we can use plastic or rubber .
And as the trend-watcher presentation showed , people like wood ,
and it doesn't really fit the image , unless we would start two product lines .
Form should follow function overall .
the kinetic energy source is rather fancy .
for the case , the supplement and the buttons , it really depends on the designer .
because otherwise it would really be a simple remote control .
that brings us to the discussion about our concepts .
first we can talk about the energy source ,
since that's has a pretty big influence on production price , and image .
f first of all we have to see it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget , .
We could use the basic normal battery .
You don't wanna swing before you can watch television .
And how exactly does the kinetic energy work ?
y you shake your remote , and then it powers up .
personally I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it .
And besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete .
And our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can
you could insert the find the lost remote control function in there .
so I believe it will run on one battery for six months or f or more .
And I don't think they like remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms .
So maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place .
And also what you said . you can introduce voice recognition by finding back your remote .
But it's more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station .
So you have a but button on your docking station which you can push , and then it starts beeping .
And then we can still use the voice recognition , but maybe then for only the channels .
I'm wondering what will the voice recognition mean for the production price ?
in our earlier market research ,
if you'd allow me to go to the flat board , SMARTboard .
we also asked if w they would , if people would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control .
So if that would increase the price for which we're selling our remote control
And on top of that the L_C_D_ screen would help in making the remote control easier to use .
And a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use .
But is our research about bi large L_C_D_ sh display , or just a small one we want to use ?
this was for like an L_C_D_ screen like you would have on a on the most advanced mobile phones .
I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use , with the extra information , nobody has anything against it .
Maybe we have to discard the voice recognition .
Because it will increase cost signifi significantly .
that brings us back to the energy .
If we don't have the voice recognition , it will it won't use a lot of energy to use .
in that case we could use kinetic energy ,
but just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good .
which brings us a little bit back to marketing as .
if we wanna choose for wood or the black and grey . Or both ?
wood is a lot more expensive to produce .
but it will attract elderly people who wanna have something exclusive ,
And most important factor there is the wooden colour .
It's a lot more difficult to handle and to get in the right shape .
with mobile phones so like the Nokia mobile phones , when you can change the case of it .
you have just to make one standard remote control ,
Give your grandfather a new case for his remote control , or whatever .
and then you can make them with colour . Black and grey , other colours as .
we would have to make one w control which would fit in with a wooden cover and a plastic cover . The more original one , or the more standard one .
you suggest we should design two different telephones
on which you can apply , remote controls , on which you can apply different case covers , .
but it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one .
everybody's with the changing covers ?
Changing case covers .
I heard our Industrial Designer talk about flat , single and double curved .
the general like most older remotes are flat , just straight .
And our d manufacturing department can also deliver single curved or double curved ca curved cases .
And what would single curved and double curved mean ?
It doesn't really matter for the price or the functionality .
And the cover of the docking station is also
the interface . What type of interface do we want to use ?
you said you wanted to put the changing channels button on the right side ,
I pointed out earlier that a lot of remotes R_S_I_ .
maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side .
Is it possible to program it s so you got on the left side or on the right side buttons for shifting u up and shifting up ? And on the other o other side buttons for shifting , for the sound ?
But if we would make a changing channels and changing volume button on both sides , that would certainly yield great options for the design of the remote .
But is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand ?
that basic that nobody should have any problems with choosing a channel
we could just leave it a normal shape .
we should start by choosing a case .
or better Should prevent repetitive strain injury a bit .
I suggest the single curved ,
because maybe the curve is pretty good to put the screen in .
so that elderly people can use the remote control
and at the same time look easily at the screen ,
the remote control have to lay in your hand .
And to put the buttons for changing the channel over here
just flip it a hundred and eighty degrees around
maybe you should just s start on a blank page .
Just that's for left hand and right hand users .
But the on-off button , still on the top
And I'd prefer the corners to be round .
Then We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use .
for the next meeting we'll have to look at the look-and-feel design .
It's important that the corporate design image is going to be in the remote .
So check out the corporate website maybe .
The user interface design , it's the same story .
So the Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer are going to work together on this one .
But you're going to get your instructions sended by the coach .
and make a good design for all the grandfathers and grandmothers , .
Then we can save this one in the folders group .
And then I we'll start in thirty minutes again .