So if you use a rubber double curved case , you must use rubber push-buttons .
and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons .
If it's not a double curved , then we've got the choice for the push-buttons ,
if it's a double curve , we've gotta go for rubber push-buttons .
And I'm just saying if it if we choose it to be double curved then we need to go
, so then if we use double curved case , then we have to u choose rubber push-buttons ,

For the case of the remotes itself , they can be a general case , which is just a flat one .
And th for each of them you have cases where titanium , you can't use it for if you if we're choosing a double curved case , we can't choose titanium .
And if we are choosing solar cells then we can't choose latex for the case material ,
But if we're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything .
then you have the case is , whether it's flat or curved .

then the case material itself , so it can be either plastic or latex , rubber , wood , or titanium .
, we're gonna go with we've decided that it's gonna be a rubber case so
isn't a rubber case , mean it's completely flexed , , it flexes to whatever they want it to ?
but then we've decided that we going for rubber for the case material .
I the fact also that we are having a rubber case would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before .
, we can make the squeezing of the rubber be the generating like the energy generator .
It's this rubber casing that we can sell as fun and funky .

, why should people buy this when they're already got a remote that came with the T_V_ ?
So next year people will be buying ,

You can have a curved one or a double curved one ,
Mean so what's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubble doub double rubber double curved case ?
So if we've chosen rub rubber and if now we have the choice for the case whether it's flat , single curved or double curved .
Then the case , do you want it flat or curved or sing or double curved ?
so we want it rub rubber double curved .

Rubber , we're all going we're all liking that idea ?
But after my fashion thing , you'll realise that rubber is more
we don't care if it's rub rubber or not ,
it's different , but I wouldn't say like a rubber remote is fancy .
they don't really care whether , , at the end of the day whether it works properly or not .

push buttons instead of the wheel ?
Let's have rubber push buttons , hey .
so the simple push-buttons are gonna be the cheapest .
the rubber push-buttons . Don't you have to move your

, personally I like walking into a shop and choosing a colour .
where , , you have a variety of colours , that people feel like they're customising it when they buy it , even , , just by the fact of choosing .
, there are some colours that I wouldn I would never choose , and I would be curious how many people choose that colour .

So the remote control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that already that we already have .
And so personal what I was just saying like move away from the current remote controls like the look and the feel of the current ones and change the look and feel ,

So if you have just a bit of gentle movement that it will give it the energy to work .
Do sol solar panel things , do they have to work from the sun or can they work from a light bulb ?
It's cheap , it's cheerful , it's worked , does work .
Technologically it should be like work , , I . It should work .
, that seems to work with for products like iPod ,
and you're gonna be working on the product evaluation .
So we really have a incentive to make this remote work .

, what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit ?
this is the example of the giant remote that's impossible to lose .
and also recent investigation that we've done in the remote control market ,
if somebody go goes into the store they're gonna see like three or four normal remotes , and then a big spongy pink t tomato remote .
This is the remote control tomato .
Especially maybe younger girls if it's in pink they'll be like pink remote control for their room something .

Th we should encourage people to throw their remote controls about , because it charges itself up by doing it .
People , , people are saying , , standard gives you repetitive strain injury , this remote control is designed to do the complete opposite ,

We were go we were going with the late with the R_S_I_ rubber , weren't we ?
But the fact that this rubber i is actually used in these anti-R_S_I_ ps specific
that anti-R_S_I_ you can as you squeeze it you are not only therapeuticising yourself , you are charging the batteries ,

from you Catherine wi your y you're gonna be working on the look and feel design .

for the elderly , where the remote's very large and the buttons are very large and there's only a few buttons .
Just the simple s simple straight set of buttons .
we shall have a limited number of buttons ,
but that it should be easy to have a button that just prevents the other the other buttons from operating .
and I'm not about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though .

I'm just guessing . But it's gonna be the most expensive option , probably and
they would give an option of flat buttons or a
You see , you can still get it does you still get repetitive strain injury , whether you are pressing a button or pressing a flat bit of screen .

we have found that for the remote control market these are like most important aspects like that we really need to
the most important aspect is look and feel .
Third most important aspect is it's easy to use .

, colours or particular gimmicky bits to it ,
, I would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like like a black with yellow and somewhere ,
Bright natural colours ,
The one thing I'm wondering about , I hope that we're not going like too much down a gimmicky road of having
So like you walk in , you're like , I like that remote control , because it's so bright , and then the shop assistant comes up and says , what colour would you like ?
if that's easy enough to find out what colours are more popular .
And produce less of the silly colours , maybe .
but it's doesn't have the colour scheme of the company anywhere on it it's just sil silver and black .

And I didn't mention that we need a power button in our last
it will either have a lock button like we mentioned or a cover like that .
The power button could be like a big apple .
, we'll make it a pomegranate , a big pomegranate .

where you have volume up and volume down , but they have a V_ on both of them , so
ideally , a power , channel up , channel down , volume up , volume down , and a numerical keypad .
I wanna watch the pineapple channel .
Like the volume buttons should be the all the same colour and the d and the channel buttons should be one colour and like that , do you mean ?

, it's gotta be chew proof .
We were kinda going , , it's gotta feel , it's gotta look and that it's

that's crucial as far as what keys we're going to inc inclu what buttons we are going to include and how they're laid out .
where you could have lot of colours , the keys might be , funny or ,
So , the key layout and design are really crucial .
, so we could have keys that are like a b like a broccoli key and a and an avocado key on them .

you want people to be able to quickly access the buttons that they use a lot without always pressing the wrong one .
, if you're looking at if you looking at something that's going to be bought by people , you have to make it new , you have to make it state of the art .
what are ninety per cent of people gonna take ?
say in this country , you'll get , , lots of people wanting something really funky and .

You can have a kinetic provision of energy ,
And if we want something fancier , the kinetic provision of energy could be ,
No , but na le you see , you've got , , the energy that's one thing ,
Maybe the kinetic mo provision of energy then .

Technically speaking , it's not as advanced , but it does the job , too .
, speak with the button department ,

so for the energy sources we can have a basic battery ,
, there's sometimes combinations , , like calculators do combinations of battery with but also using some solar power .
Think the what would cost the less would be the basic battery , really .
So for the energy source , do we go for the battery or the

it sounds kinda funky ,
It sounded like Catherine was also speaking with them .
but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general , but done .

If it's something that's inside the unit . I it doesn't affects whether the customer's gonna buy it or not .
One hundred per cent , that's your first thing , you go , I'm not gonna buy that , if it works or not .
So it puts , , even the customer into more control over what they're buying instead of , you've got all colour it's either that or nothing .
So we're buying fut , we're getting futures in the company .
This company has its fingers in a lot of different pots .

like either gearing our remote towards kids ,
and kids will be walking in with their parents saying , Mummy I wanna buy that one .
like kids won't break it , it's not breakable if you throw it around .
Especially with younger kids , they can pick it up and
The only thing is that really small kids might chew on it , but
so for little kids and for old ki like teenagers will like it , .

what I'd like to hear about is if we've finally decided on what energy we're gonna be using and
now the trouble is we've already decided that we're going with the that works already , that's cheap .
what do you associate with the mate the material that material ?

it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the T_V_ on like , turn the T_V_ on , and i turns comes on ,
Not that watching T_V_ should be that stressful .
, I T_V_ can be stressful , , if you're watching sports .
It would just be probably the most expensive part of our remote without any actual interesting functionality as far as operating the T_V_ .

We're giving them a way to burn off steam , , .
so from looking at this year's trends and fashions
Next year's fashion i very much in fruit and vegetables are thm are like the theme for cloths , shoes and furniture .
and as it's rubber the feel which is in this year is spongy ,

, Gabriel . Let's let's hear from you about the it's the interface .
, so I'm continuing with the user interface topic .
Gabriel , you're gonna be working on , come up with the user interface design .

see I'm learning all sorts of new technologi terms in technology today .
I also took Reissa's marketing findings from the last meeting into consideration ,
, I'm just letting what's happening in the markets
have something that's little more technologically advanced than what's on the market .

And so I consulted with our manufacturing division .
and so the manufacturing division sent some samples of interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products , like the coffee machine .
, it's , , , it's gonna be par part more of a profit sharing on the product .
I'd like to share in the coffee machine profits , because that's really doing .
I want a share in the space rocket .
, if you look like at the coffee maker at the corporate web page , it's not obvious .
it is to us , because we worked here for years and we use that coffee machine ,

if you like put up Bluetooth , and it's like a Bluetooth remote control , everybody's gonna like , ,
So is the advantage of Bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other
that would mean you'd need a television that has Bluetooth in it , which no television does ,
Bluetooth would , , enable you , , to connect you if you get a w call on your mobile phone , but your mobile phone is downstairs , you would get on your television you're being called by this person right now .
Nah , the televi the television would have to be a Bluetooth compatible , .
and you are gonna get a chance to play with some clay .

so we could do like the pink range , the blue range , the green range , the

so you can have basic push-buttons or a scroll-wheels , like you have on a mouse ,
if we get a scroll-wheel , that's a higher price range .
Even if it's a jog wheel , it's still repetitive .
they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an M_P_ three player like iPod .
I didn't think the spinning-wheel or the L_C_ display were crucial for us .

If we get an advanced chip which is used for the L_C_D_ , the display thing , then that's even more expensive .
but we are really keeping to what is already out there , and people've already seen it , people've already got it .
while still keeping to the company's image , .
we're not gonna be going for the new technological chip on print expensive things , so we've we're keeping the costs down .

And we discussed earlier on the R_ S_ I_ problem thing , so we could
you were saying earlier in your research that the people have the R_ people were getting the complaining about R_S_I_ , and this is anti-R_S_I_ .
And the spaceship doesn't have the R_ have a massive R_ and R_ down the side of it

is , , advanced chip on print , which I presume is like one P_C_B_ and that's got all the electronics on one board including the infra-red sender ?
what alternatives do we have to the chip on print ?
, if it's not chip on print then , I , you get different chip components , and you build them separately and doesn't include the infra-red .
So let's not let's not bother with the chip on print .

Th the speech recognition option is it doesn't seem really very promising for us ,
So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface .
so I was against the speech recognition and against going towards anything in a niche sense .
it should be maybe cutting edge in some sense ,

that's research and development for those that haven't heard that before ,
What about the just developed sample sensor ?
G there , the sample sensor , sample speaker thing .
where , , you can program a sample wi That when you say something it will give a response ,
it's just a sample sensor sample output .

you got that thumb movement that you're constantly doing .
Like no lime green or bright yellow or bright pink .

Back again for another wonderful meeting .
, so I'll go back , maybe , to the previous slide
come up ki , be ab for the next meeting be able to come in and show us some i some physical ideas .
It's we're we've still couple of minutes until our meeting's due to finish .
. I've just had a sign flashing up saying , finish the meeting .

a hand dynamo which is which was used in the fifties for torches ,
, more ergonomic , that suits the palm of your hand , that thing .

what extra things are there extra things this product have ?
Does the pay-raise immediately come into effect on our next pay-check , or is that
, they told you that they wanted whatev our product to represent the R_R_ brand and to be immediately noticeable .

I figured with the spam thing , if you can't beat it , join in .
That's the spam that everybody likes to receive .
, I th my personal preferences of we've all talked about and seemed to be on the same page .

watching the match and your team's just lost , you can fuzz it across the room and it'll bounce off the wall back at you .
Just clips of tha that you record yourself .
And , , you can fuzz it across the room and throw it at your children .
so w what are our definite decisions on this then as a team ?
, strawberry shaped chairs ,

So you can program your coffee-maker that when you say , good morning , to it says , hello Rick , or whatever .

