so I would have my own design of the remote control

But no screens on remote controls .

but you could look at what the other people have used there or remote controls .

So any of you have experience in remote controls ?
Or if we should have a targeted re remote control .

so y you can decide that now it's the remote control for the television ,

colourful , because nobody has colourful remote control

So there's a problem in the design of that remote control somehow ,

Should it be , y these remote controls where they are what they call a universal ret remote control

So . Twenty five Euro for a remote control .

We're here to have a kick-off meeting for the design of a f for the beginning of new project remote control for the design for a new remote control .

, my daughter likes l remote controls .

If it if we want a r universal remote control that we sa like we say before it may

Remote controls children proof .

that's the aim for the price for the remote control .

because it's just a full touch screen remote control ,

then it's the remote control for the sound system , or for your refrigerator

one thing important in this remote control if you remember when people use it they're they never find a good button in the right place .

maybe we can change the colours that at least the frame .

it could be only a screen which would change depending on the use or even the user .

Just tr try to who is a User Interface Designer .

the important points we have to t talk about are it's functional design , it's conceptual design , and desail detailed design .

we're going to meet again in thirty minutes

So she likes buttons which make click ,

and we speak about this tool we're going to design and try to make a project plan ,

people are right handed or left handed

some discussion and then we talk of the next meeting .

but when you change channels you can have you can just go to the next one or go to channel twenty five .

. So , some idea with cellular phone with a screen that will tell you what

So ma I prefer to have the off button at the top right ,

so y because I am left handed I use like this , say if you're right handed you use like this

So colour , robustness , easy to use , size ,
. Colour , size , sh

may need more than three three button , three possibilities , ye .

for a production cost of twelve fifty Euros maximum .
Too expensive for twelve Euro ?

and for that we're going all to work individually and then have meeting during the whole day .

I'm the Project Manager Christa Pavlov

'tis big number .

But for standard actions you usually what do you do , you change channels , you adjust volume , and nothing else .

And that's already more complex to go to channel twenty five .

at least it should hold in your hand n properly , like .

M_E_ the user requirements ?
the user requirement specifications ,

It has to be wha baby proof

It has to be original , trendy and user friendly .

Then you can watch what your you could also record your sequence of actions ,

you c you can easily remove the frame .

So your personal coach will send you some instruction for this thirty minutes .

and if I'm left-hander I use this switch to follow the main operations .

, but without any extremes like n not of this size , not too large . .

But they keep generally their t slash this thing and then the dash and then you can put , you can only have one bit .

Characteristics of this animal is dangerous .

e even the history so you could like undo previous of the previous .

