. It's a television remote control .
, television remote control .
, but most television remote controls support other functions as .

the technical functions design .

You have the pen function , eraser function .
And then a different remote control with different functions on different places , and half of the functions a are removed , or whatever .

, tell me about your experiences with the remote controls .
Do you have good experiences with remote controls ?

, we're gonna brainstorm about what kemoro romo remote control it's gonna be .
I don't th I don't think the four of us got problems with remote controls ,
, so what we need is a clear remote control with

, the project aim is to design a new remote control .

All th all the buttons which apply to the text functions in one
not like the button to enter text on top of the remote control and the button to , , to minimise it to this or whatever o other functions somewhere else .

And , is it gonna be a remote control that's what it can be used for different equipment , like your T_V_ and your home stereo ?

we begin with the functional design , then we go to the conceptual design and the detailed design .
The the Industrial Designer will w or the working design , ,

I was thinking since a T_V_ is mostly used together with a V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player or recorder , and not with a stereo , it should be good to include functions for V_C_R_s and D_V_D_ players , recorders .
So so we probably don't have to have the functions for D_V_D_ player or V_C_R_ .

The selling price of our remote control is gonna be twenty five Euros .
and the production cost should be a maximum of twelve Euro fifty per remote control .

You all received an email with a example of our explanation of what the particular level of design means to the different functions ,

, it consists of three levels of design .
Every level of design consists of some individual work , and we close it with a meeting .

And it's clear you can put the in the project documents presentations .

I if touch the power button .
but if you see elderly people , all these buttons , and then they buy new T_V_ because their previous one was stolen or whatever .

The User Interface Designer
is it a User Inter User Interface

on blank sheets with different colours , with different pen widths .

, first we're gonna gonna try some different things with the tools we have over here , so you get acquainted with these meeting tools .

, and that's an important part for you then , with gogors regards to the user-friendly part of it .

Are they difficult to understand , or maybe they don't interact with different equipment very ?

and you can make new sheets by by pu puttin pressing on the blank button .

But , the D_V_D_ players and home cinema sets often double as stereo hi-fi sets probably .
Hi-fi set is not often used as I know of in combination with television .

and you can change the line width and the colour of the pen by pressing on forward ,
which y you have to select pen format . And then select current colour or line width .
And so in the format menu you can choose the different colours and pen widths .

Project joc project documents is for showing on the white-board .

, every participant should draw his favourite animal and some of its favourite characteristics ,
, tell us something about your favourite characteristics of these particular birds .

And our profit aim is fifteen million Euros .

, I forget I forget the whole acquaintance part , but we all know each other .
the technical part of the process is something you're gonna look after for ,

, some of the oje objectives are that is has to be original , trendy , and user-friendly .
, but we've gonna put some a is it so user-friendliness , is a pri priority in this case , or
original , trendly , and user-friendly

Or someth something special , like M_P_ three player inside of it , or

but the easiest animal think is a bird .
I why , but a cat is a very smart animal .

there's a document folder called the sh shared document folder .
You can upload your documents to that folder and then you can open them over here ,

It's like a very simple paint application .
, I th yo we have to keep it simple , to get a whole market .

examples of the tool training , project plan discussion and the closing .

so you can do your PowerPoint presentations on this screen .

That w , then you're the usability man , so this gonna be a very important task for you then .
or is important that we leave at exact

Next meeting starts in thirty minutes .

This is the presentation boards , wh which one I'm using right now .

We have the smart-boards , the thes those two boards .
No , I saw the file , the smart-board that X_B_K_ but

The market range is international , so it's gonna be sold world-wide ,
And the Management Expert of the Marketing Expert . User requirements specifi

, I'm gonna draw a p piranha . , a fish .

I have su to sum up its favourite characteris

And then you have to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot .
It's important to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot over here .

, but we're all familiar with Microsoft PowerPoint , are we ?

Joost , Guido , Antek .
Antek Ahmet . And Joost .

, I like its sharp razor sharp teeth .

He's crying because it's ugl because of his ugliness .

, this the maybe is some aspect of the , or some point at which we can excel by making it very useful .

Specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach .

We gonna skip back to the goals probably . ,

Plus , the big forehead and a small , a small actual face .

