y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ?
But we have to make contacts on the remote control and the recharger as .

and I searched on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market .
it must be some very different from ordinary remote controls .
features not do not exist in current remote controls .
the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use .
because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground .
because a fancy look is the most important thing for remote control control ,
Because it's only twelve and a half Euros you have to spend on every remote control .
I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como remote controls .
remote con control , you can see it here , you have to bo reach both out both sides .
we have to put our Real Reaction logo as on the remote control .
but can you change it if you already bought the remote control ?
But normally you put a remote control on the table or on the couch .
I can't imagine a soft remote control .
it works like good morning remote control ,
and then the remote control says good morning .

just another shape than a normal remote control ha has .
basic remote control from normal plastic ,
the current controllers are all black and plastic .

Light switches on if you use a button .
But w you'll use the switch channels buttons more often than the normal channel buttons , like one two three .
Or you could do the switch channel up button above the numbers and switch channel down button below .
but the top button is like you switch channel up ,

This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment .
The the new new modern remote controls , the buttons are part of the the style , is part of the remote control itself .
wh what is the middle part ?

They can put the basic buttons , one , two , three , four . And f above ten .

And you have the scroll button inside .

Black yellow control .
Maybe the sides in yellow and the top in black .
I don't think the colours black and yellow go together .
Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the front .

And in green colour , the back lights
but there are multiple colour LEDs .
So light or just whatever colour , but the same light colours .
only the colour and the flashy light

two D_ curved is like front to the back .
And three D_ curved is also in depth .
but with three D_ curved remote controls , we must use rubber buttons .

text T_V_ still has to be a possibility .
And the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute button , and a text T_V_ button . That are the functions .
basic buttons . On-off , mute . And th maybe two others , . Text buttons .
, just th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom .

Because you can't hold it . You can't hold it th the control and push the buttons .
Not the sh the square form .
Because we still hold on to the ordinary square remote control .
The olden the olden ones had looked like just a square thing .

maybe a see-through one in a fruit front .
And some basic colour fronts .
can't we use different fron fronts , with all with the logo on it ? Can we do that ? So

it's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top .
th the top buttons are . They sh Those should be on top .
will give a standard answer after it recognise a question .

the buttons . Normal rubber . Like normal ordinary buttons . Soft .
The normal infrared L_E_D_ s sufficient .
this is the normal circuit board , like a chip board in a lot of things .

Like fronts in red and yellow and blue

The second most important aspect is that a remote control should it technological innovative .
Main point still is the technolo technological innovative .
that's the problem . That's the main problem .
the ma the main points said . We have to be original and technological innovative .

Because the volume and channel is on the bottom of it .
for volume . For volume , or a channel .
By just putting the volume on the side .
so that you i if you like drop it , it won't change the volume . Only if you use your finger .
But but left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with channel changing .

The power light doesn't work .
it's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up .
And back light L_E_D_s .
otherwise the back light won't work .

that , if we're gonna put in more technology , that you need to be able to switch it open .

we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players . Mobile phones .
Just like a mobile phone , you can make different fronts on it .
this a mo mib mobile phone as .
But the iPod and etcetera , M_P_ three players , mobile phones .

but they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel .
Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface .
that stands for new technical features .
User interface concept .
There's just one overall important aspect is that we must make it fancy and it looks original ,
But i it is it is already fancy . Because of the lights on the bottom of it . That's already fancy .

But maybe you can m make a round fluff or soft material .

because we just decided that we don't make use of L_C_D_ or speech recognition .
if we implement speech recognition , it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as .
if we want to put in speech rec recognition , we I don't think we should put it on top then .
if you put in speech recognition , you need so more many more buttons .
We just we just skip the voca or was it the speech recognition .
our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit .

Like zapping is just switching one channel at a time .
th the numbers should be in the bottom , and the switch channel in the middle .
It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other .
zapping is the highest priority .

I have the mo mi I have a blinking light on my phone .

We can use multiple scroll wheels , w if we want to .
And we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel .
wha what I see the only difference i is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside .
maybe make the the wha what's it called scroll wheel . Make it in yellow . Just like the colours of Real Reaction .
but if you the f front , the scroll wheel will still be yellow .
Think the scroll wheel won't be very big .
Since if you put it somewhere , the chances that it will scroll are too big .
small scroll wheel .

If you aim at a young public , you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green , blue , red . So flashy kinda colours .
Just make it some different colours . Blue , red and green , .
it operates on your wrist kinda .

And if you don't light 'em up , they don't you don't see 'em very good .
but y you could make 'em like blue and transparent .
but we should bu put 'em on top of each other ,

maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge .
shapes should be curved , so round shapes . Not Nothing square-like .
As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all round shapes .

That's that's the most expensive chip , we need . If we're doing if we're doing a display .
and then we saw the pla display , in the iPod .
we need the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an L_C_D_ .
then we use m must use the second most expensive chip . So th so the regular chip .

They say a display requires an advanced chip .
The display requires an advanced chip .

I received an email with a few possibilities on the materials .
I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition ,
strange that I received the information about that .

And it says the chip can be simple , regular or advanced .
You have the simple one , regular and advanced .

the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in .
just batteries , rechargeable batteries .
Yes , rechargeable batteries , I think's best .
for the energy source we can use batteries

I don't think it's fits in the modern theme as .
my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . M_P_ three player .
Just together with the back-lights you'll get a new look . More like the M_P_ three player M_ P_ M_ P_ three player .

And the home base is something like that , something simple .
Re recharger . Base station .
you sl you let it slide in the docking station .
We already have the beeping of the home station ,

So we can start a mass production ,
but you can't choo You can't choose it when you buy it .
buy the product . You buy , you get one . And basic .
Or you can choose one if you buy the project .

, I have some information about the cost . But just a about the chip .
No no worries about the cost , etcetera .

But the the next aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe is expected to be spongy .

show you the m the no the the minutes , minute .
We have to decide this lecture , or this fifty minutes , , how it is gonna look .
now we're ka thirty minutes alone again ?
Think we need to work thirty minutes again ?

But we do I if we expected to draw on this one at this moment .
I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board .
It draws about four centimetres lower
If you set the pen , he will draw here .

d our target group we thought about was young and trendy .
because we definitely want to make it flashy , to attract a young public .
but we're aiming at a young public .

But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and it's about t two hundred Euros .

That's a good That's a good idea . If it's de like that . That's good , a good idea .

It has been done in Italy Italy and in another country in Europe ,
And it says fashion-watchers of Pari France and Italy , , have detected the following trends .
let's first watch Paul's presentation first then .
or a kinetic Like with the pulse watch .

This trends I th trend it's not that meaningful for us , maybe .
The trend is spong spongy and fruit or fresh .
fruit and veg can be just the covers .
tho those are al already a bit cornered .

I looked at some similar devices , and my own common knowledge .
And sports and gaming device style characteristics .

This is a very small electronic unit ,
Just You say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer sample .

we're going to talk about the conceptual model .
People don't want to spend money on something that's similar to cheaper ones .

