we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about ,
your first ideas about creating a new r remote control ,
and that's if we're gonna make a remote control , it should actually work for what it's doing .

and because this is such this is for television it's a we have a market range of Internet , like it's an international market range ,
are we designing a remote control for a television only
or should we just stick to having television related buttons on it ?
, if it if we're taking it just new product a new television remote control that's not like doesn't say .
So we should maybe we should assume that i t it's just a television that we're wanting to control .

doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder
all the whatever else we have programmed into it's all just in its separate place and not like all the on buttons together ,
and if if you'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day .

My dad has a whole drawer at home of remotes for various things ,
it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over to combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes .
but not necessarily on the m the normal remote .

I hate when there's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the T_V_
so i it's just simpler just to just turn around the T_V_ itself ,
so it's like if you're looki if you're trying to get the T_V_ on that's , , like the top thing on the remote , if d be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're gonna make it , but if it's like all the T_V_ was here ,
Because that is one thing that remotes tend to have buttons that the T_V_s no longer have as .

I've used , I've used remote controls , for things like T_V_ and the C_D_ player and video recorder
especially , like if I'm watching T_V_ I have to have three separate remote controls of in front of me , , one for the T_V_ , one for the digital box , one for m the video recorder as . .
would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it ?
I suppose it would be to have playing and record and stop buttons on it for the video recorder as

like are there some remotes that don't require like batteries
or do all remotes require batteries ?
like tho those are the batteries that are used in a lot of M_P_ three players now and that thing . .

I'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those .
And one thing I particularly like is if you are not moving it around to get it to work with the infra-red .
but that just has your major buttons for that work for everything , volume control , on , off ,

so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on , off , channel changing , volume , and another rote remote with all the special things .
you're gonna m need those special functions occasionally .

it needs to be original , trendy and user-friendly .
and I I'm the Industrial Designer on this project .
and I'm the User Interface Designer for the project . .
the User Interface Designer , that's for . Technical functions , I like keeping in mind the buttons thing , the size of the buttons .

And then we'll move into the project plan ,
and I'm Project Manager , from California .
We're gonna talk about project finances .
just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project , I could I'd like to hear about your experiences using ro remote controls ,

I'm just gonna have a little PowerPoint presentation for us , for our kick-off meeting .
the conceptional design , individual work and a meeting ,
and then the detailed design , individual work and a meeting .
the industrial design , Alima will be doing the working design .

and then draw your favourite animal
I'm supposed to draw my favourite animal .
I have no drawing skills whatsoever .
Not necessarily it's my absolute favourite animal ,
And I'll try and draw my favourite animal .
And we're gonna keep the deep sea theme going on , animal .

sounds like we've had a good little discussion for our first ideas .
so we can continue discussing more new ideas if you'd like ,
I the same discussion that we've been having , we'll get from the actual consum s consumers .

and walk across the room to change a channel .
but I know in my residence right now the television you have to walk all around the room to get it to turn on ,

If you have older people or people like me that aren't very co-ordinated hand-eye , it's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons , if we can help it .
user requirements , so you'll be hearing about different trends , about different things that people need ,

A_ L_ I_ M_ A_ .
that would last a lot longer than like double A_s .

I'm really excited to start this team .
what we're gonna do is start off with let's start off with Amina .
now our next meeting starts in thirty minutes .
I'll type up mi minutes

then we'll move into acquaintance such as getting to know each other a little bit , including a tool training exercise .
and I they're pretty neat little tools .

we'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of fifteen million Euro from our sales
in order to make a profit of this magnitude , we need to be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro .

I'm from around D_C_ ish in the U_S_ .

our agenda today is we are gonna do a little opening
I live I live right across the street from an open space in California .

We have coyotes howl all the time .
So I'm we'll all have more concrete things to contribute next time

so we're gonna divide us up into three compa three parts .
I feel like you end up with multimedia overload .
Just make you keep checking the company web site and the emails .

And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach .

