so simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery .
M we don't want lots of buttons , complicated features .
the main thing to notice about it is it just has four buttons .
you can just about make out that the button three buttons are previous track , next track and play pause .
I like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often .
and the button to switch it off , in case you get bored .
whilst keeping a very small and simple set of buttons for the features that you use most often .
It'd be harder to f bu buttons .
that's your all-purpose select button right there .
And otherwise , no matter how may buttons we have , we're gonna have like , , black with red sticking out
I assume that's what else we're gonna like h ha the the additional buttons we can use .

but we also have scror scroll wheels ,
but I'm intrigued by the idea of a scroll wheel , if anyone has anything
I know the iPods and things right now have touch scroll buttons
and use my thumb or my pointer finger on the touch scroll wheel .
I love the idea of the wheel like the iPod .
but a scroll wheel requires a regular chip ,
I don't think we ne really need the scroll whe wheel .
if there was an on-screen menu of your channel choices , than you can scroll down on the scroll .
it's cheaper to make pushbuttons than it is a scroll button .
And if we had a sc an on-screen thing that you could scroll through , like you can use your buttons to scroll through things .
For channel surfing a scroll an actual like an iPod's scroll thing would be too fast ,
but I have no idea how much more expensive a scroll wheel is than a pushbutton ,
I'm not like hard-sold on the scroll wheel ,
but if it's gonna be in a latex type thing and that's gonna look , then that's probably gonna have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel .

keep pressing lots of 'em .
It'd be harder to press button .
When you when you use a remote , do you press the buttons with your thumb , usually ?
and you press the buttons with your thumb .
When I'm when I'm pressing buttons on my iPod , that's how I do it , hold it and press the four . .
and you press the buttons with your thumb
and you press the centre button ,

and then we'll have to make a decision on the remote control concepts ,
and what should we make our specific remote control out of .
because how often are you that your remote control will get a certain amount of light .
we want people to be able to use it s as a remote control ,
because it's it lets you just sit there and st and control your television from your armchair .
The alternative is to have a an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control .
something to bear in mind is that if we put a display on the remote control the c communication is one way ,
so you can't have the televisions and information back to the remote control , at least I don't think you can .
that was a market investigation on remote controls that was recently conducted ,
first they had people they ranked the important aspects of r remote controls ,
and the remote control's inside .
but the volume control could double for that , .

and have an L_ L_C_D_ screen .
you use these four buttons to m to move around a range of settings on the small L_C_D_ screen .
then if you want to do anything more advanced , you go into the little menu on the L_C_D_ screen
we'd either have a small L_C_D_ display on the device itself ,
there are advantages and disadvantages if you have an L_C_D_ display ,
an L_C_D_ display would have to be quite small ,
but you need to be able to see your L_D_D_ L_C_D_ display .
if it was a L_ L_C_D_ on th on the remote , I that you could f that you'd be able to see a
That would be like if we use something like the space material or the L_C_D_ screen , things like that .
an L_C_D_ screen might be good in theory , but not as useful in practice .
Also z , you would be z looking down at the L_C_D_ screen , than back up at your T_V_
and an L_C_D_ requires advanced .

So you'd need a few buttons to select your favourite channels .
you have buttons for your favourite channel ,
and it comes up with your this thing of watch lo what's on each channel .
like favourite channels is applicable ,
why it would be good for us is like you could have the same wheel effect for like channel flipping and then the other one could be like for volume .
you really need buttons for changing a channel .
But if you c if you could scroll through the channels , and then the volume would just be
and the volume would just be like the same way , forward and backward as I'm just thinking like it would make it much like sleeker looking .
volume , favourite channels , and menu .

we can have your basic double A_ batteries ,
but we also have these options of using a kinetic battery ,
although there are slight complications with solar batteries
as in we can't use a latex case if we have a solar battery .
they only described as the type of battery you find in torches from about fifty years ago , flashlights .
And I'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery .
But this idea of the kinetic , that you don't have to replace ,
I'm assuming that a kinetic battery isn't gonna take up that much weight ,
deci decisions on energy I'm thinking is based on the battery .
what do people think about this kinetic battery idea ?
it would t take care of our problem of not wanting to change batteries .
any more information on cost other than it's more expensive than a regular battery ,
it might be better to put our money into the like the kinetic battery and the case

just a real quick question
once we've chosen a concept for it , we can then design the features around the concept ,
it's very quick to access the main features .
They're the main features of the iPod , the things you will use a all the time .
and you use the buttons just to scroll around and find the more advanced features that you want .
And that would allow you to access the advanced features
Also , considering that the d research b has been carried out by Real Reaction , I'm a little hesitant as to like , how these questions may have been worded ,
can you just explain what that is real quick ?

there's no point having a television that you can't tune or that you can't set the contrast ,
and one other suggestions I'd make is to in is to include in a menu system , a bit like on the iPod .
or have a dis a menu display that comes up on your television
I do think that one of the important features for a remote is seeing a menu and seeing what's on .
we're talking menu like contrast and tuning the V_C_R_ if I've understood you correctly , rather than menu as what's on .
The iPod packaging is me like was so that was like half the fun .
They're they're thin fibreglass with copper wires etched on to them ,
and di they're quite easily printed on by machine ,
When you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote could do for you without the buttons and you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus .
we're doing an on-screen menu that we can scroll through .

and we said it's for all age groups , different functions of it .
specific functions are something to keep the remote from getting lost , large buttons for the essential functions , a possibility for extra functions , like a sliding piece and a long-life battery or a charging station .
so we need to determine what the essential functions of the d of the device are
making that we get all the essential functions in the device and the extra functions and the more advanced features .
but th that you do need to have some function where it's you have t you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it .
and right now i d they're saying that currently there's a functional look and feel preference ,

even though we're stressing , when we're talking , we've all been talking about this like simplicity and easy to use idea ,
I Is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable ? like , like carrots .
it's quite easy to s shape thing like carrot
Or maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits .
What about the idea of like a round remote ? Instead of like a vertical up and down one . Like in terms of holding it . Like that's a f shape of a fruit .
Or maybe you want something that's shaped like a mobile phone ,

circuit board and chip we can have a simple one , a regular one or an advanced one ,
and that a simple just shaking it around will make it work ,
But we'd also wanna go for e a simple chip or regular chip
we really only need a regular or advanced chip t if we're gonna start using an L_C_D_ .
components concept . Energy , chip on print .
which is chip on print is where the machine prints on the wires and solders it all together for us .
I maybe if we decided on like a simple , a regular , or an advanced chip , maybe .
simple , regular , advanced chip on print .
The chip on print includes an infrared sensor ,
if we're gonna have pushbuttons , they require a simple chip ,
So we could either go with a simple or a regular chip , depending

if you're watching T_V_ in the dark or whatever , you can work out which button's which
most people , when they watch T_V_ , they have two hundred and fifty channels on their T_V_
which is something you do all the time when you're watching T_V_ ,
other features , things like adjusting the brightness , tuning the T_V_ ,
you ten you tend to watch T_V_ in the dark ,
if you've got a small T_V_ and you're sitting on the other side of a room , it's hard to read the little text that comes up .
if we would want it on the screen there or on the actual T_V_ .

and I have c considerable notes on the topic as , if anyone needs any more information .
shoes and furniture is fruits and vegetables and tha that there's a preference for spongy , tight material .
Who wants a spongy remote or one with fruit and vegetable padding .
do you have any ideas how to possibly use these ? how to use a fruit or vegetable or or the spongy material ?
could we go in fruit and vegetable colours ?
Could we could we have changeable covers like for your mobile ? In different fruit and vegetable colours ,
If I get any more information of fruits and vegetables , I'll let .
and probably in colours , maybe fruity , vegetable colours .

my understanding of a latex case is that it's hard to protect inside ,
and then like the covers could be spongy latex
I'm kinda liking the idea of latex , if spongy is the in thing .
what I've seen , just not related to this , but of latex cases before , is that there's like a hard plastic inside , and it's just covered with the latex .
Not too thick a layer of latex , just enough to be grippable , like bike handles or anything that you've seen like that .

now we're concepts of user interface .
I'm gonna describe the concept of the user interface of this des device .
we've talked about the two essential properties of the user interface .
when we go on to the une userface , we're gonna have to decide the interface we're gonna have to decide whether we're gonna have a scroll or not .
let's go to the ufe user interface
interface , the type and the supplements .
you each have things to do , look and feel design , user interface design , product evaluation ,

we've also got to remember that this is a device that serves as a useful purpose .
and that we actually end up with a device that is going to be useful to people .
, but essentially we need to choose how is this device going to work ,
what model is there going to be for user interaction with this device .
I assume we're gonna be making quite a small device .
and you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay .

But the titanium , they were quite they're marketing quite hard to us
and that a tita titanium is very light , I know ,
now we're moving on to market . Marketing .
even though this is coming from us as , , trend watch , market research ,
but the actual model could be titanium .
I would be more with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone thing .

there's the shape of a case , we could do a flat sh a flat case , a curved case or maybe even a double-curved case .
So if we're going for fashion in our cases , that what we're gonna wanna look at is a curved or a double-curved case , probably with a variety of design elements .
I'm imagining like double-curved is like , , like two sides that curve
and then like one curve would just be like a single vertical-ish looking thing ,
I know if we do have a double-curved case , it can't have any titanium in it .

Our main objectives were simplicity and fashion .
we need to examine each element separately ,
The main elements of remote controls in general , and therefore ours as , are the case , the buttons , the circuit board with the chip and the battery .
and we can make our case out of plastic , the m the main base will be plastic ,
but we have all these fashion and technological elements we can add in , wood , latex , titanium , rubber or other coloured types of plastic .
and then also some fashion watchers in Paris and Milan commented on some things that are gonna be going on this year .
And as these are ranked , the top one is doubly important to the second one ,
The second thing that was mentioned as important was the technological innovations .
And then the fashion watch talks about that this year's top trend for clothes ,
and if necessarily this whole fashion to technology y edas ease of use is necessarily the right ranking .
but if we're working for this company then I no matter what , we have to stress fashion the most .
couple main ones being like , , lemons or strawberries .
Like a radio type sorta situation ?

it's our conceptual design meeting
and it's starting at approximately fourteen twenty five
I'm gonna review the minutes of the last meeting ,
these are our minutes from r the functional design .
we have we've about fifteen minutes left ,
We have five minutes left for the meeting , so .
it's gonna inevitably start looking like those group of ugly ones that we saw stacked up .
our next meeting starts in thirty minutes ,

I'd like to do it in this order , first do the conceptual specification of components , properties and materials and then the conceptual specification of user interface and finally trend watching .
We're gonna have to investigate that better when I get specifics of the actual materials ,
but if anyone has any specific questions , don't hesitate to email me .
that would be more specifically a digital box ,
And so that brings us to my personal preferences .
Personally , I don't really think that I want one that's gonna go out of style or go stale , excuse the pun , in a year , so
So instead of opening the box you just peel it ,
You'll get specific instructions from your personal coach .

But it doesn't necessarily need to be a spongy material .
I'm envisioning more like , , the material that you have when you sit on like a bicycle ,
so that it doesn't hurt when you're sitting down for a long time ,
, that given the list of materials I w I was forwarded it's that seems doable .
but in order to pre-set a cha

We decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it ,
We have a number of different choices for a design concept
but that really , over the next year it that's gonna be switching to fancy look and feel remotes ,
the whole desire of our c Real Reaction company wanting to focus on fashion
they're wanting us to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it's fancy look and feel .
really , no matter what , we need to focus the most on fancy look and feel , according to this .
there's something to be said , we got that thing earlier from you about not wanting it to R_ repetitive stress injuries and things
if you're changing the brightness , don't you wanna see it happening , ?
continue with my pres presentation .

I have save this in the shared projects , if anyone wants to look
we would have to find a way to protect like the chip and all that ,
which is spongier and softer on your hands .
I'm thinking grip more than like sinking into your hands ,
I got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced .
Al all circuit boards are the same , .
because I'm worried about protecting the on the inside .
I don't think we need to worry about protecting the circuit board ,

