but suppose you got a cold . You have a mute remote controller .
But it's changing how the remote control is gonna be built .
if this is a push button controller , you can send this con this remote control everywhere in the world , the same one .
Which controller would you prefer to use , you as a remote control user ?
so I if can have a remote control that is really basic , simple and works fine , it's already a lot .
, I know it's more interesting to develop a remote controller with speech and gesture and whatever .
or a plastic remote control like this one .
, it's an added value to the remote control
or if you want to lo find your remote control that is lost , in the darkness
just to meet the user requirements I would just do a s short anal analysis of the remote control market
that were the three first points from the remote control analysis .
the remote control has to be technologically innovative , it's three .
With a module ? You mean the remote control with a mur module if you want you can just use
and the colour of the the society will be really it will be seen in the remote control .

we want give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive ,
, if you cannot find your controller , you can just just speak something such as , , one two .
that's the advantage of intelligent controller .
It's it means when you sell this controller in China it's can recognise Chinese .
It's r if you sell this controller in France it can recognise French .
It's a very smart , it's a very smart controller maybe
and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller .
Maybe try to mix the Google controller and the fancy controller ?
but there's no big difference between the traditional controller .
So maybe we'll just focus on the Google controller plus the fancy controller ,

and we'll have to decide on the remote control concept
and finally we'll close the decision .
first I will present the concept of user interface .
there's three concepts in the user interface .
The second concept is a fancy controller ,
we have to take decisions about the component concepts , about the energy .
and what about the user interface concept ?
It is an interesting concept to see to have voice control .

technology , such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology ,
so we need to have coop some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and gesture recognition .
because for the intelligent controller , you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition ,
but how is how risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition ?
For limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for s limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very
because this technology is for limited wor or limited wor lexical recognition ,
The recognition system will be able to understand French .
And what about voice recognition , do we have microphones ?
do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition ?
I don't see how adding speech or gesture recognition would make the remote control look more like Google .
the user is not only interested in having speech or gesture recognition
so maybe it's related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on .

Would y would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function if you do not have some function inside it that
we can add some function like for browsing in internet , so like that .
you y that's a fun that's not the function of the controller ,
You can replace your T_V_ with a new T_V_ with internet browsing function ,
but you need new remote controller then . Because if you wanna browse internet or , I , if you wanna type something ,

I want the controller to be easy to use , but with sophisticated functions .
So it's a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions .
they can easy recognise our controller among a lot of products ,
it's easy for you to remember it . Or to recognise it ,
Just want to have something controller which is in a intelligent controller , easy to use , sophisticated and fancy .
if he has something that works fine and is really fancy , looks and it's easy to use , easy to use .
At the same time , it's important that it's easy to use .
And then if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points , fancy look and feel has , on a score of seven would have six as importance .
Then easy to use it's not so important actually with respect to other y other ones .
So we see fancy look an look and feel is the most important one ,

some time it's very convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button .
but wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this , if you have an object .
If you want to use voice or gesture you need to be free , without any object .
and put it on T_V_ and just to recognize gestures and voice .
Because the p the problem see with the voice or the gesture itself wh what can happen in a family i if
but you when you choose a new mobile , you choose the one with voice recognition .
Because that with the voice and gesture recognition there are still some disadvantages with this .
but you need a receiver to recognize the gestures and the voice .

It it just the microphone is embedded in the controller .
but so you need a camera and a microphone inside your remote control .
It was the design use to show you the design of what is inside a what is inside and what are the different component of the r
So it will be interesting so I could show you some picture of what is inside

and they want to watch their favourite T_V_ programme ,
But it's not the only the problem only the issue of controller , it's also the issue of the T_V_ .
Maybe I record recorded directly on the Computer .
or if you want to watch T_V_ in the darkness
the problem is I'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the T_V_ , so speak directly to the T_V_ and you don't need a remote control actually ,
But it will be embedded on the T_V_ and not on the remote control ,

Because , if they do all the time the same gesture , as you said previously in the last meeting , maybe they will get injuries because of that ?
but suppose you have a family watching T_V_ , and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time , do you think it will work ? Everybody wanting to change channel in the same time ?
but w we want something th that works all the time , every day , every hour , for everyone .
and you will have next time to show us modelling a cl a clay remote control ,

With this advanced features we we can attract a lot of user .
the key , the key the key of our the key feature of our controller is that it's it has some adaptation
so is there any necessary to design new controller without any breakthrough features ?
we cannot rely one hundred percent on these features to u to use the controller ,
but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it , your mobile ,
the feature is not one hundred percent reliable ,
if you're if you ar if you already have a product it works one hundred percent reliable , would you replace it with another one ?
But the there's n there's n not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there's no key feature in the new controller .
and maybe it can attract all the ecological k consumers

but as the expert told us , most of the people want to use the remote control to zap t to zap between channels .
so they say channel four channel three all the time ,
And mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from voice controller to
if it is somewhere in the room if i maybe if it is in the table there you can always say s channel one and the t the remote control gives the order to the T_V_ to switch to channel one .
You can see they can switch form one modality to another .
Even it is for s just some kids , , switching channels one two three four .

I will let our User Interface Designer speak first , Mister David Jordan .
the u the user f the u user interface should be very cute , very g
Because of this product this technology has already been developed .
I'm if the user pays the same price , he's happy to have recognition .
stick to the first two parts . So what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market ?
but it's a feature to distinguish our product from our from other products .
But you have to think , the user is the one who gonna buy the product
user really want a fancy look and feel .

will it will be wooden di wooden remote control
but , , something wooden will be like , I high cl so a special high class ,
, even if it is not completely wood , but just a part of the , , will be wooden , in wood
this is this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design .
plastic-like , but rubber , mayb maybe , , rubber-like
But we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons ,
and try to find maybe a shape for the wooden remote control .

we just have some cooperation with some research institute ,
we don't have to do some basic research on this field .
you so you can build a black box
and i if you we want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood .
and to have a better overview of what's the fashion in general I've checked more than only the remote control market ,
Even if it's in general fashion , we want it to be in the remote control .
and then if we combine this with the fashion from Milan and Paris
tha that was the main point , , from the trend in fashion .
And remember as I said last meeting , we really have to build a fashion remote control

And with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control ?
we have to take care of the twelve Euros
or will it be a battery like the classical battery
but about the price of adding this solar battery , would it be something really that will increase the price of production more ,
if we want to have battery , regular battery and the solar energy battery it could be it'll it will add a little bit of the price ,
it will fit on the price we want , twel twelve Euros ,

commands , words and use them when you don't want to use your fingers .
Not very complex commands , but easy commands ,
adding some vocal commands .
So you will have to work on the look and feel design , to have the easy to use , powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition .

and so it can be interesting for people to have this remote con It can be something interesting to make people buy it , .
What about the touch scr touch screen ? .
second point is they still want it to be technologically innovative ,
And the other point I haven't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch ,
it's not exactly right for the spongy point of view .
maybe we can do some marketing studies asking people if they're interested
you will have to work more , Baba , on the spongy way to add spongy touch to the buttons

the other thing I want to discuss also is which alimentation , electric alimentation do you want to have ,
so will it be d solar energy alimentation
in some country where you are in the countryside and you are far from , , the cities in some place in S Senegal , so if you have electric if you have solar alimentation , you just , when you want to have recharger or remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can come
maybe using solar energy and with battery would be something interesting ,
And it can be correlated to energy , solar energy , so for the marketing aspect ,
for these supplements the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add .

where , the button the buttons are unlighted during the night ,
the buttons I pr I prefer , , the L_C_D_ lighted buttons
a touch screen will be t as expensive as the L_C_D_ buttons so .
Like the one you've shown , David , with all the buttons and i it sounds good technically

but there is one problem that Baba talked about is the international
But that , , switching from one country to another will be a problem ,
it will be interesting after your presentation to have Baba's presentation .
the plastic material is more common
but the problem is which material do you need to be spongy ?
So you will have Baba and David Jordan you will have to work together on the prototype

let's start our second me meeting on conceptual design .
as the previous meeting I will be the secretary
again , it's similar to what I've said in the previous meeting .
the next meeting will start in thirty meeti minutes

If you have the language , you have to develop for each country .
tha that's why we have to do language adaptation .
if you do language adaptation , there should be no problem .

the last point is y also would do you want to have some very cheap integrated cir circuits , chips , or do you have low level or very expensive ,
but that low level will be , , it is an interim module .
and so maybe something very low level wou would be enough .
cheap imprint so you s you propose low level chips would be enough to have something working .
maybe try to mix them these two concepts together , just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood .

Wha what we really see this year is that everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is inspired by fruits and vegetables ,
we go to the fruits and vede vegetables .
no not forgetting about the fruits and vegetables trends .
And that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach .

