we have to take a decision on the control remote control concepts
because remote control is used for like in the household
We got our perfect remote control with a lot of buttons
It's called the millennium remote control .
upgradable remote control .
My remote control is pink .
Nobody else than me has a pink remote control .
But if you want to be different you just take your remote control with you all the time .
take the iPod . It's a remote control .
just because it's a colour that we don't usually see in a remote control . White .
And the remote control's going to be smart
Are are you saying here that the remote controls should be aware of who is using it ?
But th I'm thinking about the other particularity that the remote control could have .
and I hope this can help us to understand l how we should design our remote control .
and ask real people who are using real remote controls every day or any other tool that is similar to a remote control
but there are in the market of remote controls there are three aspects that we should very pay much attention to .
And finally it has to be useful as a remote control
but it seems that it's not so important that it's useful as a remote control .
If we look back and not look at only remote controls it's important to see that the trends are quite the same in many areas
And not those futuristic remote control with angles and and titanium like .
so if nobody else pro provides currently a remote control with that and if we can provide it it's a good sell for us

we would like to have some speech recognition s chip in our remote control .
since we want to put some other features such as speech recognition
simple button and speech recognition for the more complicated .
Y we have simple buttons and speech recognition technology ,
because the speech recognition technology will take at least five Euros
this device on n that can be used for speech recognition could also be used for just the finding it ,
so how to how to define our re speech recognition
I heard that it seems that speech recognition is something that can be done
Currently we don't have guns with speech recognition or beer cans with speech recognition
but we may have remote controls with speech recognition .
Voice recognition is quite tough .

we want to go for simple push buttons
And also like in if you put a it's be difficult to do all the moulding of buttons and these things
we would like to use push buttons instead of L_C_D_s
and you can use your time and it will take i some days to learn all this buttons
and go back button , I really where it is , maybe one of this buttons ,
And it's got just few buttons , quite low looking , and all this we already discussed .
That's the converse to having zillions of button

this can be simple programmable chip
So we are looking for simple devices or simple technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in a house .
which needs advanced chip technology
maybe like the infrared like we can put some radium chips
we have only the plastic or the chippy fibre chips or

And also we want to go for titanium design instead of rubber or
but there are some rubber or some rubber parts
the rubber aspect might be important
to make to make the like titanium panels on a whole rubber body .

I want to know why it b just but for the point before why not the rubber , if it is something that it seems to be light .
for really light batteries and with good price .
maybe that's if that it's a selling point maybe it has to be the base .
Could we integrate something into our remote control , something like light ?
That they can use it in darkness , like . Hand light ,

instead of that maybe we can change the colour of the assembler .
there are some paints that can change colour according to where they are ,
in the train , hello no . Want to change my neighbour .
We have a very large department of paint .
in general people change T_V_ more often than batteries of their remote control .

whether we want to do s speaker independent or speaker dependent .
If we're going for more speaker independent then it would be like again cumbersome
if everybody in the house n to locate then we're to go for some speaker independent technology .
since we have we want to do some speaker dependent speech recognition so we can use

we will have three presentation first the industrial design , first Rama then Mark and then Sammy .
maybe we can see depending on how we'll come up with our full design
which i which are for Rama wil design ,

Because from your survey people like colours ,
The the young people want to be different from their friends .
that they can talk about with their friends , , mine has this and not yours .
these abilities are mainly ad addressed by young people ?
what about location and these things , people are really interesting on those features ?

and it's really lesser re really less expensive compared to L_C_D_
I would make a backlight of the L_C_D_ screen with different colours .
But it would be expensive , no ? If you use colour L_C_D_ .
you propose something with option i that increase the price if we if you want o more colours on L_C_D_ ,

But full assembly We'll use mainly for titanium
the case would only be in that aluminium titanium ,
And if we co we compare to last year , now it has to be spongy ,
Maybe we can have two different assembly also like one spongy and one titanium .
If we choose titanium or if we choose spongy

the problem is with this design we found that we can't use double-curved shapes .
even in the shape it has to be more round and more look natural somehow .
So titanium smell like fruit .
Do we take titanium smelling like fruit ,
Could we make a titanium shape ? fruit-shaped .
Don't you say that you cannot do double shape curved shape

they're inventing it , they're creating the trend .
we have people listening to the trends everywhere in the world , ,
and so I'm just asking them what are the current trends according to them when they go in the stores and when they ask their friends
we want to follow general trend .
are we confident enough on creating trends ?
Because the trend goes faster than the life of the

if users want more colours they can pay more money to get this the shapes and they can have different assembly .
So users have different they have their own interests , colour interests and so
like they can reflect different colours depending on what is around , like what colour is around , and depending on the temperature ,
they would be ready p ready to pay more for that .
which means either you succeed and you make a lot of money or you don't and you're out of business .

now we are on the conceptual design meeting .
the decision we want to take on this meeting are on the first on the component concept , so what energy we use what chip on print and one ki case .
And also on user interface concept what interface we use and if there is some supplements .
we're to mainly design f mainly need to know which components we'll use for energy , and the material and interface .
Generally I developed quite a broad concept not only for the interface , but for possible instruction or user's manual and all the complex things that come together with your T_V_ and remote controls .
we will have next meeting in thirty minutes again .
Mark the user interface design ,

currently the trends that we see in l big cities like Paris and Milan , , it seems that this year things should have a fruit and vegetable way of look or feel
Fruit and vegetable . Think fruit and vegetable .
Think more of something in the colours of like fruit and vegetables and spongy ,
fruit . These things can be easily incorporated .
and we want some themes like fruits or vegetables ,

And at the end Sammy will give a trend watching on what he's he's been doing .
and the in the end we find out that it's not feasible .
first maybe just a small recap on how do we watch trends
those tha d who are watching the trends are also have also to be inspired
and Sammy the product evaluation .

Still we are looking for possible technical specifications and how w easy we can do and within our pri range , like we're to in our twelve Euros or around that .
which is that it should be easy to use and it should be easy to use as a remote control .
It it can travel f from clothe to furniture same idea .
and I as always your personal coach will send you specific instruction .
can we highlight the specific features of our

so we can go for small nickel or alkaline batteries
let's remember there's a Nokia phone which changeable panels .
which is a small device that people have with them , always , like a phone .
now you have to go straight on this individual action
that if we want to have as he says if we want to have a small number of buttons we need to have a output that says currently what their actions are .

The first one , which seems to be the most important one , is that it has to be fancy , it has to have a fancy look and feel .
And interestingly this is the very most important thing . It has to be fancy .
Strangely enough it's more important to be fancy than to be wi and now that's the second thing it has to be , it has to be technologically i innovative ,

or we can use traditional solar cells
we would like to propose battery instead of solar cells
and it would be problematic to have enough energy with the solar cells
Like in cell phones recently

an and then interface we're to use push buttons or liquid crystal d L_C_D_ display .
so we want to reduce price on this technology
can we still include the L_ L_S_D_ display ?
so we want to reduce the cost on display
The display would only be display and not touch sensitive you mean .
it's not gonna be a touch pad , just a display for giving you information .
you will work together on a new on a prototype using modelling clay .

but still like a source of information or source for menus .
Anyway these days the best source of information is the web as ,

Although similar but have something just slightly better . Pink
I ordered jus To l to l lock it .
it might also record the channels you are u more often using and levels of volumes that you're more often things like that
Classical , we stay classical in that we don't reinvent the wheel .

