and underneath we have the the turbo button
If you take the banana as such and you press the turbo button , so it switch ons the T_V_ .
So rather than having an extra button for for the on off switch you just use the turbo button .
Maybe the thing that convince me the less is the multifunctional buttons .
Butto real buttons ?
So we are targeting a segment which is just very trendy thing , they don't care about the buttons any more .
but maybe loses the point for not having the extra buttons when you reall if you do need them for some reason
And then the scroll buttons are again features .
We have two scroll , and we have three push buttons .
w we didn't think a thought about integrated scroll wheel push buttons .
but because you could potentially you could be pushing it down as you scroll it for a instead of a turbo button
but the turbo button does add that extra class .
could we could not we consider this button as a button supplement
all we have is two push buttons and two scrollers ,

we went through a b to a banana look and feel for the remote control .
And also the use of a basis station for battery ch charging and also to call the to call the mot mote remote control when it is lost .
Actually I what are the r the real specification of a universal remote contro
I don't think I at any stage in my life I would want a banana remote control , really .
. If you really need an universal remote control or if you would change your remote control for a n for a new one .
will I change my rem change my remote control from Mando banana .
my remote control is kinda at home is pretty terrible .
If it was change my remote control of my D_V_D_ player for a Mando banana then I would be more inclined to
So maybe you should we should do a kinda evaluation in the streets like asking to young peoples , do you like to have a banana as a remote control .

which one on the left for the volume and the one on the right for the channel
This is when you are scrolling the through the channels you can tell it to skip th past channels that you quickly rather th
and you can use the channel selector scroll wheel as
you press the teletext button to move between the fields
you can press the teletext button
So then both the scroll buttons they are for teletext browsing .
once you press the teletext button then the scroll buttons they are more for teletext , they are no more for channel or vol volume .
You the b the buttons change h their function depending if y it's teletext or not
So that this button fo is for teletext which is usually also the case ,
that usually there is a teletext button and once you press that , the channel buttons , they baco become the scrolling buttons .

first of all we made a an attractive base station with a banana leaf look and feel and
But normally with it will just s stay on each station briefly so you can see the picture .
in the in the base station we have the button at the front for for calling the the banana .
that's an attractive base station .
And that much money will be required for the base station , which is not there .
pl the base station is made out of m many units of plastic .

Remember we're focus we're supposed to focus just on T_V_s .
all T_V_s but only T_ only T_V_s I .
For a T_V_ the most important feature which I felt was the locator which is a feature .
but maybe in some households where there is a T_V_ for each kid , then , banana remote control could be fun for them as .
So more general remote control instead of just focusing on on T_V_ .
that's actually something that should be in version two , is the ability to to control things other than the T_V_

it's it's ergonomic , it fits in the hand rather .
like I'd it's probably more handy than my current remote , of the scroll wheels
It is handy , it's handy , but it's terrible .
, , it's handy , it's ergonomic , but it's a banana .

which is in like a trigger position for for pressing quite naturally .
and then you can just scroll the number back and forth so you have s you go you scroll to seven and then zero and then you can
Or can move between positions in the number .
So maybe w we can we should stick to general feeling . We can had have a out of these numbers , which is that we should go for it .
so this is the number the number of components we need for this thing .

an then you stop when you stop it stops .
when you stop scrolling the wheel it stops .

The standards . What is available in the market off the shelf .
Because it would also be interesting to you to know find out if we have a market in really young children as , to see how to market this thing .
maybe you don't wanna give all your kids their own remote because they'll be changing the channel all the time
So but that's something we need to work on next time is really finding out more about the target market .
Any any new ideas we could we could investigate next time ?

and hopefully we should fit the target o tw of twelve point five Euro .
, twenty five Euro question .
If I had t if I had to spend twenty five Euro , if that was like my limit , maybe I would buy it .
Because the other twenty five Euro remote controls are probably gonna look

No L_C_D_ , no speech recognition technology , ,
so following our decision to make a yellow to make a banana
the banana sits in there k nicely weighted so that it's not gonna tip over
. So there was a constraint that the surface area which we have on this banana on one side because of the shape .
, you want to show the beautiful banana you have .
one on this side , one on that side , but they're opposite sides .
And also fo for mood lighting and ,

And for the power source we are having solar cells and rechargeable batteries
and this and the basis station is going to have the input from the power line for charging the batteries .
So for the power source , you still you want to use both solar cells and batteries .
I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station .
and also things that I I d I forget to to put like solar cells .
we decided against the solar cells so
rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing .

And we are having the speakers regular chip for control .
Pricing is was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip .
So we have the regular chip on the print , which is one .
Actually whe when you wrote regular chip you should put two , because there is another chip here .

And we have put these different colours so that people don't mistake them mistake it as a banana .
but y people don't like to put it back in the base station all the time people leave wanna leave it on the couch so
we'll invest in R_ and D_ .
No it's people in Milan and in Paris that are gonna buy it .
And but one thing we m missed out of this whole process was a like a focus group with the actual people we're targeting .

The variance is mi it's is minimal .
You mean , charging it by shaking the banana .
I don't see the difference between kinetic and dynamo .
you have to I see so kinetic is really shaking the banana .
that s that sample thing is like the voice recording and everything .
Does that include charging circuitry and everything ?

Then we'll have to go through finance evaluation of the cost of the thing
So this is selling costs , not production costs .
we are going to calculate the production costs .
So we stick to plastic , it cost nothing .
Because it's just the optimal , what we have done for the cost which we are looking forward to .
production department to make a real prototype that we can use at home to evaluate .

So it always means , whatever the rays goes by they get reflected and then you are having a better coverage .
W we are living in a wonderful world .
. If i it depends , if you live in Switzerland or you live in
I don't want a banana on my living room table , a banana remote .
and not just electronic equipment but the whole environment of the room .

And the leaves plays the roles of antennas ?
It's not very promising but we're not young trendsetters .
We needed some of these young trendsetters to come in and play with the banana and see if they

So we should have our final meeting about the detail designed of detail design of the product of the remote control .
just going to go quickly through the minutes of the last meeting
if I go quickly through the minutes of the last meeting .
So final design . Final design .

that's that's form and function in the one object .
so special colour , yellow .
these are for colours , co and special forms , special colours and special materials .

Eight to ten eight to ten hours .
No eight or ten hours of working .
And then we're o on budget except for ten cents .

And we'll have presentation of evaluation crit criteria by ou our Marketing Experts .
I constructed a list of criteria based on the general user requirements .
And each criteria is will be evaluated it's logical criteria
so we must users must say i if it's true or is or if it's false in a scale ranging from zero to seven .
it's in order to have enough granularity in the evaluation .
I sh I could write the criteria in the on the whiteboard ?
it you just lose information if you sum it , so .
. So I prepare an Excel sh an Excel sheet .
there is no listing for r radio frequency thing .

Alright , now here's the sixty million Dollar question ,
Of cour the most difficult question for the end .
Because the last two questions is much more important than the rest actually .

so the target price is for all Europe , or only for rich countries ?
Wha the initial specifications were for the whole all Europe or
Li li like a teenager .
you're crazy teenager and you like fun things .
Just se sends the signal , that's it .

maybe health and safety aspects .
Means let's say this can move the larger digits and this can move the smaller digits .
Outl you are not lik outlier .
we're just using the very beep simple beep ,
So might be ninety centimes for the remaining things which the cord and everything which'll go
we use a little bit the white board and the digital pen , not that much .
just the circuit board that we're using inside ,

