then we'll go to the plans for project and have general discussions about it .
and will m we will meet to to discuss and take decisions about what you've you did and what we will do next .
we'll discuss a f a fly or do we'll do another meeting abo on elephants .

so , want me to draw my favourite animal .
But don't you think it's very difficult to draw a panther ?
So , not the favourite animal , but I'll draw elephant .

So is this an Indian or an African elephant ,
, they are very different , Indian and African elephants .
So Indian elephant is having one bump , , and the African have two .

so I will be Sebastian the Project Manager .
so another important part of the project is about money ,

it should be original , trendy , and also user friendly .
It seems that elephants are pretty friendly

And they are the biggest terrestrial animal .
And then there's a difference in the trunk of the animals ,

and mainly first to to make to be used to the tools available in this and smart meeting room we have here .
So first , we have to train ourself with all the the tools availables in the in this meeting room and particularly the white board

So , the goal of this project is to developed a new remote control .
So it's gonna be you already have a T_V_ but you're buying an extra remote control for it ?

I'm Michael . I'm the user interface designer .
And I am Hemant , the industrial designer .
The second's a conceptual design ,

So , we're here today to have our first kick-off meeting about this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes .
So it should be the topic of maybe of the next meeting just to have an overview of this and in which direction we should go .

So you have to work on the working design ,
you have to work on the technical functions ,
and you have to work on us user requirements specs ,

so we are going to go through the white board and take some s some notes or do some drawings .
because you can actually draw it pretty in the corner of a white board .

which would generate a profit of fifty million Euros , .
so , it seems the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make ,

spider lives in a web
There are some spiders that live in like that have like a big ball of a web .
but at the end all the spiders kinda flew away .

During each step of each design we wi you will work s separately , individually on your specific tasks
should it be specific remote control to some specific device ?

So we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control
is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling ?
but I if that's if that's the requirement that we need to design the product to actually fit that price bracket
what product they're expecting for twenty-five Euro

and it can move all about the web in two dimensions .
So they did this in in Charlotte's Web that movie

if it's the male who hunts or it's the female ,
I have watched that lions di didn't hunt it's the female lions who hunt ,

and it's black as , so it can he it can hide itself very easily
I watch a film about a black panther when I was a child

like they have they let out like a stream of like the web building material
but it's it acts like a parachute so they can actually go and find new build a new web somewhere else .
so , I we're gonna need to find out what's actually , what people ar are willing to pay for

As usual we will follow the project method that we are using in the in our company .
you will receive some information by emails , i as usual .

At least few hundred years ago when there was no means of transportations , or when they had to carry huge loads from one place to another , elephants were very useful .

Hi I'm Guillermo . I'm the Marketing Expert .
And we should target the inter an international market .

So so I'm waiting for your inputs very quickly

So when they walk , wherever they are going to put their first feet , the second feet will always be .

